Tony and Bruce work at the local Library.
A very sexy blonde walks into the Library.
Tony can't stop making a fool of himself at the Library.
Said sexy blonde thinks said librarian is cute.
Said librarian cant stop thinking about how he would like to fucked into next Tuesday and every Saturday after.
Bruce thinks he's being a drama queen.

When they came back from their first grocery trip in the new world, Fai and Kurogane were surprised to find Sakura staring intently at the screen their host had propped on a desk. “Is something interesting on the television, Sakura-chan?” Fai asked. He dropped his bags on the table and moved to stand behind her, making a quiet noise of confusion when he realized that there was only text on the screen instead of the moving images they’d seen in other worlds.

Sakura shook her head. “It’s not a television, Fai-san. She said it was called a computer, and that you can find almost any information you could possibly want on it. I thought that maybe I could help with research on the feather.”

“That’s a great idea, Sakura-chan,” Fai said with a soft smile.

“Yeah, good thinking, Princess,” Kurogane added, appearing behind them to lightly ruffle her hair.

Sakura beamed proudly at them for a moment before turning back to the computer. “It’s a little strange, though...” she said, staring down while she slowly poked at the keyboard.

“What is?” Fai asked curiously.

“Well, she said that sometimes people look up themselves just for fun, because it can show them other people with their names or old pages that they’d made themselves and forgotten about... But when I looked up my name...” She trailed off as she finished, leaning back and gesturing to the screen. “It’s all pictures of me, even though we’ve never been to this world before. Some of them look like when I was younger, but always in such strange outfits. Look! I’m even flying in this one!”

“That is strange,” Fai admitted, leaning down to view the results. “Maybe there’s another version of you here?” he suggested, but Sakura shook her head.

“I asked our host about it, and she said that we’re all... characters in this world. In stories, and on the television. People even draw art to show how much they like ‘us.’ Isn’t that funny?”

“Some of that’s real,” Kurogane said, pointing out a black and white picture of Sakura standing in the Cat’s Eye Café.

She nodded. “It seems like some of the stories are actually about everything that’s happened since we all met, somehow... Maybe someone has been following us through the worlds and spying on us,” she said worriedly.

Fai’s gaze darkened, but he rested a comforting hand on the princess’s shoulder. “I’m sure it’s nothing to worry about, Sakura-chan, and if it is... Well, I’m sure Daddy will take care of it,” he concluded with a mischievous grin. Kurogane barely bothered with a grunt of annoyance in response to the nickname. “In the meantime, this could be fun! Do you mind?” He gestured to the keyboard, and she shook her head and slid the chair back to give him some room. Fai hovered over it for a moment and then gave a nervous laugh. “Oops! I forgot I don’t know the letters of this world!”

Kurogane rolled his eyes and slid the keyboard to his side of the desk. He started to type in Fai’s name, but the mage cut him off. “We should see what they know about Kuro-rinta!” Kurogane shot him a quick glare but put in his own name.

“Oh, look how handsome your papa is, Sakura-chan!” Fai said, letting out a fake whistle. Sakura laughed and tried not to blush. Then Fai pointed to a picture of Kurogane crouched on a roof, his sword thrust out to his side. “But what’s with that scary face, Kuro-tan?”

Kurogane stared at it for a long moment before answering shortly, “That was in my home world.” Though he still missed Nihon, the person in the picture somehow felt like someone else. It almost made him wonder if he would still have a place there when he finally made it back... or maybe, on the other hand, this was exactly what Tomoyo had hoped for when she’d sent him away.

Fai was watching him out of the corner of his eye, a calculating look on his face, but the grin came back up as soon as Kurogane turned to him. “I’m sorry we haven’t found your world yet, Kuro-sama! I’m sure it won’t be too much longer before you can get back to your princess!” Kurogane just shrugged.

“You can also do this,” Sakura suddenly said, poking at the screen. The pictures disappeared and were once again replaced with text. “And if you find something you like, you can save it for later like this!” She tapped on a little star in the corner and it turned blue.

“Thank you, Sakura-chan! I’m sure that will be very useful when we find some clues about the feather.”

“Oh, look!” the princess said, distracted from the conversation by her excitement. “This one has both of your names!”

“What the hell does ‘NSFW’ mean?” Kurogane asked rhetorically before tapping on the link she’d pointed out. The screen turned green and a bunch of buttons popped up. After a moment, a picture loaded and Kurogane choked on his own spit as he frantically poked at various points on the computer.

“Oh my!” Fai said, his tone caught somewhere between shock and amusement as he quickly covered Sakura’s eyes. He could feel her face burning up under his hands.

“How the hell do you get rid of something on this, Princess?” Kurogane asked.

“Um, um...!” Sakura pointed blindly to the upper corners. “You can hit that arrow to go back to the last page, or that X to get rid of everything!”

Fai and Kurogane shared a look. After a long moment, Kurogane hesitantly poked the star before tapping on the X.

“Okay, it’s safe now, Sakura-chan!” Fai declared, removing his hands from her eyes only for her to bury her bright red face in her own hands. “That was certainly unexpected, wasn’t it?”

“Yes!” Sakura squeaked out. “I-I’m very sorry, Fai-san, Kurogane-san! I didn’t mean to see that!”

Fai laughed. “That’s okay, Sakura-chan. None of us meant to see it. You couldn’t have possibly known what would happen. Besides, it’s not like it was real, right Kuro-rin?”

“Right,” Kurogane agreed, still trying to school his features.

He very carefully didn’t look at the mage, who was shooting him a look over the princess’s head that said ‘Yet.’

Two set of hands were teasingly stroking over my heated, flushed skin, every touch lighting a fire deep inside that made me moan in pleasure, leaving me wanting more.
“This omega is feeling particularly slutty today,” the first alpha whispered in my ear. I whined in return, turning my head for prolonged contact to her. Her lips were brushing over my shoulder to my neck, gently biting down on the soft flesh there.
“Don’t you agree?”
“Look at her. How could I not agree with you?” the second alpha said, eyeing me up and down with a hungry look in her blue eyes. Her hands came up to twist my sensitive nipples roughly, then pinching them slightly.
“How should we take her, hm…” the blue-eyed, red-haired alpha mused while the first alpha left my side to stand beside her. They were complete opposites: while the one was rather small and pale, the second alpha with the deep brown eyes and wild curly brown hair was tall and tan. What both of them shared was the hunger in their eyes and their proudly erect cocks leaking at the end. The alphas shared a look.
“On your knees, and then suck our cocks.”
I obeyed quickly and fell to my knees, but then was faced with the decision which one to service first.
“Who’s it gonna be?” the tall alpha taunted, “your high-school crush or your girlfriend?”
“I… uhm, I- well on one hand-”
“That’s enough talking.” Surprisingly, it was the smaller alpha that stepped forward and decidedly pushed her thick cock into my mouth. My mouth stretched around the girth and a bit of spit leaked out at the corner of my mouth.
“I love the initiative,” the brown-haired woman purred, “but she can take more.”
“Guess I’m about to find out…” the younger redhead said with a smirk and with a firm grip, guided my head off and back onto her cock. Trying to catch my breath between the strokes, I hardly had time to do anything else then just let her use my mouth.
“That’s it baby. You’re doing so well, look at you taking my thick cock inside your mouth.” Her hand in my hair began stroking through it softly, while still maintaining control over the speed in which she moved my mouth on her dick.
“Didn’t you learn that it’s polite to share?”
“You’ve got her all the time, she’s your girlfriend. Surely you’ll understand that I’ve been craving this now for quite some time.”
The smaller woman turned back to me again.
“She said I was your high-school crush, but I never told you how I could barely hold back when I smelled your sweet omega pheromones for the first time. God, I almost jumped you in the gym. I’ve never stopped thinking of how it would have been to just take you and ram my thick rod into your pretty cunt. Hm, did you think of that too?” She stopped her movements and raised my head upwards so I was facing her.
“So? Did you?” she inquired.
“Yes, all the time,” I spurted out nervously, making both of them laugh.
“Well, this will be like a dream come true then, won’t it?”
“Please, I need it.” My pussy was uncomfortably wet and I rubbed my thighs together, trying to relieve some of the pressure.
“Look, she’s already begging. Is just a taste of your cock enough to get her begging too?” the redhead said to my girlfriend.
“Oh, believe me, sometimes I don’t even have to touch her properly.” The brunette smiled sexily and reached for the other alpha, smashing their lips together, lips and tongues locked into a duel for dominance. Both women were so hot, I couldn’t look away, the wetness increasing tenfold. When they parted, both looked down on me, lips kiss-swollen and bright red.
“Stand up,” the brunette alpha ordered and I scrambled up, only to be pulled into a dominating kiss by my girlfriend, her tongue immediately searching for access and after having gotten it, thoroughly exploring my mouth with it. Her nails were gripping hard onto my shoulder blades and I felt her erect penis poke against my belly. I moaned into the kiss when I felt the other alpha’s fingers wander down my pussy and lightly stroking through my folds.
“She’s drenched. What a good girl, getting off on just sucking cock.” One finger entered me from behind and I mewled into the alpha’s mouth.
“Nice and wet, all for us. I love it,” she said while moving her fingers inside, stroking over the spongy inside of my walls.
The brunette broke the kiss and her eyes bore into mine.
“Get on the bed. But… you are not allowed to walk over there, do you understand?”
“Yes,” I said with a quiet voice, already sinking back on my knees, and then proceeding to crawl towards the big bed in the room. I felt both of the alpha’s eyes trained on me, or more specifically, on my ass. Once I had crawled onto the bed, I remained in the same position, my breathing excited and my pussy practically dripping onto the sheets. I heard them both move at the same time, one of them coming up behind me and climbing onto the bed in order to fondle and massage my butt cheeks. The other one let her hand run along my bare back, tracing my spine and making goosebumps erupt on all my body. Then she moved along to my breasts and began to play with the nipples again.
“I guess that if I got her mouth first, you should get to plow her first.”
“That seems fair,” the brunette alpha replied, her dick twitching in anticipation. I felt her hard member poke against my ass before she positioned herself and slowly began to push into me. The stretch felt so good, and so familiar because it was my girlfriend that I trusted with my life. She began with shallow thrusts, before suddenly shoving her whole length inside, making me moan loudly.
“Take it, you slutty little bitch. I know you love being filled by my big cock, don’t you just love it when I get a little rough and just pound into you? And you always take it all, never complaining, because that’s what sluts want, isn’t that right?”
When I didn’t respond, I earned myself a spank on my ass.
“Yes, I love it when you give it to me with your big fat cock. I love being filled by you. I want you to come inside me.”
The alpha laughed.
“A little early for that. You know I’ve got stamina, and this is just the beginning.” She sped up the pace, now earnestly pounding into my cunt, stretching my walls deep inside.
I had almost completely forgotten about the other alpha, but she made herself known by pinching my nipples again before her hand wandered lower to my clit.
“We won’t come yet, but that doesn’t mean you can’t. We’re going to squeeze so many orgasms out of you until you beg us to stop. Now come.” Her rubbing picked up speed and with the added stimulus of her pinching my nipples, it quickly sent me over the edge.
“You’re squeezing me so well,” the alpha grumbled while fucking me through the orgasm, her cock relentlessly driving in and out of my pussy. I cried out in pleasure when I felt another high build up, only to have it taken away when the brunette pulled out.
“Your turn,” she said with a smirk towards the other alpha, before elegantly standing up and walking to the head of the bed. She climbed back onto the bed and kneeled down in front of me.
“You know what to do.”
She pulled my head without resistance onto her cock smeared with my juices and pushed down until I was swallowing it whole.
“Good girl. Lick your pussy juice off my dick.”
Meanwhile, the other alpha had gotten in position, her hands teasingly running over my ass.
“Later tonight, I’m going to fuck this ass,” she said, before ramming her slightly thicker rod into my cunt again. The walls were still sensitive from my previous orgasm, but my moans were swallowed by the cock in my mouth. My hips twitched, but the alpha held me down while she began thrusting eagerly, the fat head of her cock disappearing into my drenched folds.
“What a slut, huh? Taking it from the front and the behind. Just look at yourself,” she teased while her hand slapped my ass again. Taking two cocks really was humiliating, but I was so turned on that I didn’t think about it for even a second. Too busy sucking on one alpha’s cock while the other was rhythmically pounding my cunt. If I was honest, the humiliation part was the biggest turn-on of it all. Being taken by my girlfriend and my high-school best friend and crush in both holes was more than I could handle.
“She’s enjoying this so much, I really think we should give her ass a go,” the brunette smirked down at me while holding me down on her dick. I couldn’t react to her statement with my mouth so full, but I know that we had never done it anally before. But somehow, losing my anal cherry to either one of them seemed to hot and somehow forbidden, that I couldn’t help but moan.
“She seems on board with the idea. Nothing’s sacred to our little cock slut here. I bet you would just love to have all your holes filled, isn’t that right?”
Another moan escaped my mouth, and both alphas chuckled.
“Do it.”
“Has she ever taken anything in her ass?”
“My fingers and a small butt plug, but nothing’s ever gone very deep. Oh, but she loved the plug, couldn’t stop wriggling her ass.”
The second alpha joined in the taunting: “I bet you loved having your hole stuffed while an alpha was stuffing your other hole, huh?”
A high-pitched whine was their only answer.
The redhead spread her hand through my folds without pulling out her dick, and gathered some wetness which she smeared onto my tiny hole.
“Let’s see if I can stretch out this adorable little hole.”
She pulled out of me, her dick sticky with my juices. Positioning herself in front of my rosebud, I felt her dick poke my ass before I got a few short slaps with her hand.
“Oh yeah, that’s exactly where this is going, baby girl.” Slowly, she began pushing inside. Luckily, due to both her dick and my ass being well lubricated, the friction wasn’t too much, but the stretch still seemed forbidden and so, so dirty.
“You’re taking it so well inside your dirty little ass. You cock-loving slut, you just love being fucked in your ass, isn’t that right?” the brunette taunted, before she finally let me off her cock and I could breathe fully.
“Don’t you think it’s time to thank your alpha who is so generously filling your slutty hole?” my girlfriend said while gripping my hair and pulling my head up so I had to meet her dominating gaze.
“Yes, of course, Mistress. Thank you for filling my ass.”
“I didn’t quite fill it yet, but I guess this seems like the perfect moment for it,” the smaller alpha laughed and pushed further inside.
“Please, it’s so big.”
“I know it is, but you’re loving this,” the brunette chimed in while her fingers trailed over my still-drenched folds, slowly massaging my clit.
“Start fucking her,” she said towards the other alpha, who obeyed with a grin. My ass was stuffed, then promptly unstuffed with her thick rod, my hole slowly loosening to accommodate the alpha.
“Please, please, I need more.”
I felt my girlfriends talented fingers dance over my clit, one finger dipping in and out of my cunt.
“I think we should give her a proper double-stuffing, don’t you think?”
“Oh, we will. But let her come like this first, I promised her a lot of orgasms tonight.”
The brunette laughed, her finger never stopping its movements over my clit.
“By all means, make her come. Make her come like an anal whore while her back door is filled full with your cock. I thought she would like having a dick in her ass, but not even I could have fathomed how much she would love this.” She showed her fingers to the red-head, sticky with my juices leaking from my pussy. The latter leaned over and sucked the wet fingers into her mouth, moaning obscenely.
“Your little slut tastes so good,” she said, slily licking her lips.
“Tonight, she’s our slut,” the other alpha corrected her. Thankfully, her hand had returned to my pussy and was now steadily pumping two fingers into my aching cunt. The noises that came out of my mouth were more animalistic than human, but I couldn’t stay silent. When her long fingers surely found my g-spot and in addition were also spread, I came quickly and even squirted, making a mess of the bedsheets under me.
“Uh oh, bad girl. You came, just like that. Weren’t you taught right, huh? What do you do before you cum, slut?”
While I was catching my breath after the powerful orgasm, a hard slap landed on my ass cheeks. Then another, and another.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, Mistress.”
“What are you sorry about?” the brunette alpha said harshly, adding another few slaps.
“I’m sorry I came without permission. I was supposed to ask,” I said whining, burying my face in my arms.
“Silly little omega, yes. You came without permission,” she growled, then another slap landed on my ass, “now apologize one more time, and correctly.”
I lifted my head, my eyes remaining downcast.
“I’m sorry, Mistress, that I came without permission. I will do everything to make it up to you.”
Submissively, I tilted my head, exposing the right side of my neck.
My girlfriend immediately gripped my hair tightly and lightly bit down on the tendons of my neck.
“Very good, slut. You’re forgiven, because we have so much planned for you.”
“Thank you, Mistress, I’ll be good.”
The alpha leaned down, tenderly stroking over my jawline, wiping away the drops of sweat that have accumulated there.
“I know you will,” she husked, her breath making goosebumps erupt over my whole body. Then she quickly tilted my head up, her fingers anchoring themselves in my hair. She pulled me into a dominating kiss, her tongue thoroughly exploring my mouth. Our passionate moans were swallowed by our lips. After a few moments, her hands in my hair became gentler and she rubbed small circles onto my scalp. She broke our kiss and smiled at me, with so much joy in her deep brown eyes. I felt my heart open wide and flutter at all the love contained in her gaze. God, I loved her.
“Would you like us to go on like before?” the now not-so-scary Alpha nibbled slightly at my earlobe.
“Yes, I would like that…”
“You’ll tell me if it gets too much-“
I cut her off with another kiss.
“You won’t hurt me.”
“How sweet.”
We both startled at the voice of the second alpha, who we had obviously both forgotten. The moment she started talking, the soft, intimate atmosphere dissipated, and we were back in the sex-driven haze from before.
“Oh, please,” my girlfriend purred, “you as a fellow alpha should know that omegas require a bit of sweet care to even out all the pounding they get the rest of the time.”
The redhead smiled, but you could see the impatience in her eyes.
“I’m all for aftercare, but don’t you see that we’re not done yet? By a long time. I’m sure that if I were to reach down to this beautiful slut’s honeypot, she’d be dripping wet.”
“Well are you just going to stand there?”
The alpha growled at the challenge, before she stepped closer to the bed. Her cock stood proud and even more erect than before. Clearly, she had been stroking herself this whole time, her head was swollen and leaking pre-cum.
A yelp escaped me when a hand reached down to my cunt and slender fingers started rubbing over my clit to my folds and back.
“Well… It seems I was right,” the girl smirked and immediately dipped two fingers inside me, curling them slightly which resulted in a moan from me.
“What a needy little bitch, huh?” My girlfriend was slowly slipping back into her alpha role, and I felt her start to fondle my breasts, rolling and pinching the nipples. In desperate need for more, I pressed closer to her, a whine escaping my mouth.
“What was that? Do you want something, baby?”
I nodded.
“Yes, Mistress.”
A rough pinch on my sensitive nipples made me cry out, so that I barely heard her answer.
“What would you like? Would you like us to double-stuff you just like we promised earlier?”
I couldn’t form any coherent words right now, not with the many fingers dancing over my body.
The fingers steadily pumping into me stopped abruptly and then quickly left my warm heat.
“Answer your Mistress, slut!” A slap on my ass quickly brought me back to reality.
“I’m sorry, Mistress. Yes, please stuff your cocks into my holes. Please fill me, I want to be filled.”
One last pinch to my nipples came before the brunette started to move off the bed.
“So polite,” she tutted. She walked over to the smaller alpha, both releasing pheromones in the air while checking each other out.
“What do you think, alpha? Should we give in to her?” My girlfriend flashed her cocky smile to my high school best friend.
The redhead smiled before stepping closer to the other alpha and kissing her on the lips. Animalistic growls escaped them when they locked lips and fought for dominance, their hands feverishly moving over each other. Both were still probably painfully erect, and their pheromones just kept being pumped out into the room.
To get their attention back to me, I released some of the pheromones I’ve been holding back until now. Needy scents which Omegas only produced during or right before their heat, and which made unmated alphas stir crazy. I was careful not to pump out too much of them, but it seemed to work. Both their eyes snapped towards me.
“It seems our bitch is getting impatient,” the smaller alpha growled, her dick twitching in anticipation.
“What a smart girl, using her pheromones to get more cock, huh?” The brunette stepped back closer to me, her dick now poking at my ass.
“Come on, let’s stuff our needy little Omega,” she said towards the redhead.
“Well I guess if you want her ass that much, you can have it,” the alpha in question shrugged and gave a light tap to my right breast.
“Sit up.” I obeyed her order and watched as she sat down on the bed under me.
“Good, now come on. Impale yourself on my thick rod. Let’s get one of your holes stuffed.” The redhead laughed, before grabbing my arms to steady and guide me. As I sank down on her cock, my pussy welcomed the intrusion, a deep sigh coming out of my mouth. She was big, but her splitting me open felt right. When she bottomed out, she pulled me down towards her and we shared our first kiss. Come to believe that I’ve sucked her cock and she’d fucked my ass before we even kissed. Her tongue was less teasing than my girlfriends, but like all alpha’s she almost immediately dominated the kiss. Her hips kept slowly pushing upward, driving her cock into me down to the last inch.
“That’s it, slut. Take my whole cock, I know you can. One hole filled, one to go.”
I gulped when I felt fingers glide around my asshole.
“What is it, baby girl? Feeling shy all of the sudden?” I heard my girlfriend’s voice from behind me. Her hand reached down between my legs and gathered some wetness, which she then smeared onto my back door.
“Let’s see if you’re loose enough for this cock too, slut.”
She started pushing in, her cock wasn’t as thick as the other alpha’s, but I knew that it was a bit longer. I wanted to feel the whole length inside my ass.
The stretch was nearly too much. With another cock stuffing my pussy, the feeling of being filled was so intense that a loud cry erupted from my throat before it was caught by another kiss from the redhead.
The alpha behind me was breathing hard, sweat dripping off her muscular shoulders while she pressed inside me even more.
“That’s it, baby. I’m filling this hole with my cock, but then I’m gonna fill it with my big load, so you’ll get a nice ass full of your alpha’s cum. Surely, that pleases our omega, right baby?”
A low-pitched whine was her only answer.
With one last push, I felt her pelvis connect with my ass cheeks. I felt so full. I couldn’t move, I felt like the smallest movement would make me explode and tear me in shreds. Both alphas were moaning slightly while lazily thrusting their hips.
“Please, more,” I whispered.
“You heard that? Our little slut wants more,” the redhead grinned, her hands coming up to squeeze my boobs.
“I did. And she’s getting it.” The alpha started to move her hips, pulling out her dick before slamming it back inside my ass. I cried out, this time the pleasure was mixed with a little pain. The brunette picked up more speed, her dick pistoning in and out of my asshole. The onslaught was so intense, that I couldn’t even return the tongue-filled kisses from the redhead, all I could do is pant while the brunette bottomed out again and again.
“Your ass is so tight, I love it,” she growled between pumps, her fingers digging into my hips, “I’m going to cum inside it and paint it white with my load. Tomorrow, you won’t be able to sit down, baby, I promise you that.”
“Please Mistress, let me come.”
“Not yet,” the brunette panted, so I looked up to the other alpha, who just grinned wickedly.
“Is there something you want?” she purred sweetly, using one of her hands to pinch and twist my nipple. The other wandered down over my stomach to my stuffed cunt. She began to draw tight circles over my clit, while still pumping her hips to make sure she was fully bottomed out. The wall separating the cock in my pussy and the one in my ass felt paper-thin when both alphas again picked up their speed, filling me up faster and harder. The tempo made my boobs bounce and before I knew it a soft, warm mouth was attached to one of my nipples, sucking and licking over the achingly perky bud. The fingers dancing on my clit never relented and I felt myself barrelling into another orgasm.
“Please, make me cum. Please, may I come?” I pleaded, ready to do everything to finally feel the release.
“Well since you’re asking so nicely, my lovely Omega. Tell me slut: who does this ass belong to?” My girlfriend asked while feverishly rutting into my ass.
“Yours, mistress. All yours. My whole ass belongs to you.”
“And what is it for?”
“For you to stuff, mistress, for stuffing me so full.”
A sharp slap landed on my ass while her cock again bottomed out.
“And what is it that is stuffing you, hm?”
My nipples got twisted again while she was talking, so all she got in return was a loud moan. Her hand went down once more on my sensitive skin.
My overstimulated body could no longer take it and I started to climax, squirting liquid over the cock buried in my pussy, my breath heaving. I heard the brunette alpha let out a groan when my ass pulsed around her cock, but she held back. She didn’t come, she stopped moving. The alpha under me let out a low whine because of my convulsing walls.
The release felt so good, but very soon the feeling was replaced with dread. I’ve come without permission. Again.
Ashamed to meet either of the alpha’s eyes, I closed my eyes, a shiver travelling through my whole body. I heard and felt the brunette pull out of my ass, leaving a gaping hole. Seconds after she had completely pulled out, I already wished she would put it back in. But I knew I was in no position to make demands.
I felt fingers on my chin, lifting my head. The deep blue eyes of the redhead alpha were boring into mine. I whined, trying to escape her harsh, dominating gaze. Desperately, I turned my head to the side, baring my throat, offering my neck. Another submissive whine escaped me when I heard the unmistakable growl of my girlfriend.
“Do you know what you just did?” Her angry pheromones hung all around the room, and she was still pumping out more. The scent made me want to bury myself in the covers and never come out.
“Answer your mistress!” The harshly barked order from the smaller alpha kicked me out of my stupor.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry mistress,” I mewled, my emotions getting the better of me. Submissive pheromones started seeping out of my body, succumbing to the alpha’s show of dominance.
“What are you sorry about?” The brunette snarled.
“I’m sorry I came without permission again. I’m sorry I didn’t follow your order, I will do everything, everything to please you, mistress.” I turned my head in an even greater show of submission.
My girlfriend addressed the other alpha: “What do you think?”
The redhead shrugged.
“She said before that she’ll do anything to make it up to you, and yet…” she trailed off, her thumb running over my exposed jugular.
“I don’t think she properly respects her alpha’s.”
I whined at her statement.
“Mistress, please-“
“Quiet!” the brunette snapped and moved closer, her cock proud and erect between her legs.
“Maybe you’re right. Maybe she needs a reminder. That right now, she is just an Omega, here to please us, take our cocks and be bred. Like a good little whore.” She crouched down to my level, but I didn’t see her eyes because my head was still wrenched all the way to the side. I whimpered when she came closer, her face millimetres from mine.
“Look at me,” she growled.
Slowly, I opened my eyes. I could smell her musky scent right next to me, the pheromones still pouring off her. Ever so slightly, I turned my head towards her, looking up to her eyes. Her pupils were fully dilated, no trace of brown, only a pitch-black darkness. They were hungry, and they were angry.
“Get down. On your knees, slut.” She only whispered the command, but I immediately jumped off the bed, falling to my knees on the floor in front of the alpha.
“Good girl.”
I sighed, relaxing the tiniest bit.
The alpha stood still for a second, looking intensely at me. It was a whole contrast to the frenzy fucking from before. I almost couldn’t take the long silence, but I schooled myself to sit completely still and make no sound. After a while, the brunette turned to the redhead, still lying on the bed and leaning up on her elbows.
“Let’s start, shall we?” the brunette said after contemplating the angry, red and leaking cock of the other alpha.
“Absolutely. What do you have in mind?”
The brunette grinned.
“You’ll see. I’ll just get something.”
With that, she walked over to the dresser, pulling out a drawer. I gulped because I knew what was in there.
The alpha turned back to us with a smirk on her face and stepped closer.
“Open up.”
Dutifully, I opened my mouth so she could slip the ring gag in. She clipped it close behind my head, stretching my mouth and immediately drool collected in my mouth.
“There,” she said smugly, “no more whining. And more importantly, a new hole for us to use.”
The redhead laughed, swinging her legs over the edge of the bed. Then she walked over to me, her cock bouncing up and down.
“Do you mind if I try?” she asked, raising a brow at the other alpha.
“There is one more thing…”
The brunette stepped behind me.
“Arms.”
Obediently I folded my arms behind my back, feeling the cuffs snap around my elbows. They were specially made for this, because if I had to kneel with my arms restrained like that, I had to push out my breasts just to be able to keep my balance.
“Oh yes,” I heard the approving moan of the redhead, who was slightly pumping her member with her hands.
“I’m glad you approve,” the taller alpha said, cupping one of my tits with her hand and massaging it. It made a contorted version of a moan come out of my gagged mouth.
“Hush, slut,” the alpha almost purred, “you’ll get some cock soon enough.” Then she turned to the redhead and nodded.
The alpha growled in approval and stepped closer, directing her cock into my gaping mouth. It went in smoothly, touching the base of my throat and I had to swallow my gag reflex.
“You have such a nice mouth, perfect for sucking my cock,” she moaned, her hand grabbing onto my blonde hair with a firm grip. She began pumping her cock, in and out, face-fucking me. All I could do is try to breathe through my nose and control my tongue, trying to suck in more of the alpha. The redhead’s pace picked up, her thrusts becoming harder. My face was smashed against her pubic bone, her smell heady and strong. She smelled like dark cedarwood and a note of citrus.
When she lost her rhythm and I knew that she was close, my girlfriend leaned over her shoulder, moulding herself to the other alpha.
“What do you think, does she deserve to get your load of alpha cum?” she husked while running her hands over the smaller alpha’s upper body.
“This is supposed to be a punishment, isn’t it?” The redhead turned her head and pulled the brunette alpha into a tongue-filled kiss.
Suddenly, the alpha let go of my hair and gave me a little push, her cock slipping out of my mouth. She quickly gripped it, giving it a few strokes until she came with a loud groan. White strings of cum burst out of her member and landed on my face, painting it with her load. Some of it landed in my mouth, but with the gag in I couldn’t really do much about it. Still, my pussy clinched because of emptiness, and I was silently hoping that one of the two alphas would take mercy on me.
“Don’t you look pretty…” The redhead remarked when she was done coming, her cock now only semi-erect.
“Like a good little slut should look like, I believe,” the other alpha added. When I glanced towards her, I saw that she was still unsatisfied and erect.
Her eyes fixed on mine, and we understood each other without words.
“Oh, my sweet little baby,” she sighed, crouched down and cupped my face, “would you like to suck my cock too? Do you miss it already?”
I nodded shily. My girlfriend smiled and then used her tongue on my gagged mouth, lapping at my mouth with fervour, tasting the other alpha’s cum.
“Such a good girl.”
I blushed under her praise.
“Now, come over here.” She sauntered towards the bed, sitting down at the edge, legs spread and cock on display.
Awkwardly, I tried to stand up which proved difficult with my arms bound behind my back. But somehow, I managed. I walked over to the alpha.
“Stop there. Good girl. Now spread your legs, show yourself off to your high school crush. I think she wants to appreciate the work we did today.”
My eyes widened. I would get fucked in the ass again?
“What a pretty hole. All ready and stretched for me,” the redhead purred and positioned myself behind me. She might have been semi-erect, but obviously the thought of stuffing my ass again had made her become hard once more. She reached down to my pussy, stroking over it with a feather light touch, gathering some wetness and carefully avoiding my clit. She smeared the gathered wetness on my puckered hole. I twitched: it was still sensitive from before.
“Seeing as my dick is still covered in your drool, I think this should do.” I felt her prod at my back entrance. I tensed up a little, fearing that my sensitive ass could not take it anymore. In an instant, there were hands in my hair, brushing over my face and down to my tits, stroking and squeezing.
“Relax, baby, I’ve got you,” my girlfriend whispered to me, both her hands now fondling my boobs. When she brushed over the nipples, I moaned through the gag, and did as she asked. Immediately, I felt the redhead push inside past my tight ring of muscles, leaving me again with that feeling of fullness, of being stretched to the max.
“You’re taking it so well,” the brunette murmured, her hands never ceasing their movements, then addressed the alpha: “How does her slutty ass feel?”
The ginger-haired woman replied with a moan, which made the other alpha chuckle.
“Well then, now for my part…” She pushed my head down to her crotch, aiming her cock into my open mouth.
“Yes, that’s it. Oh baby.”
While my mouth was stuffed with my girlfriend’s cock, the other alpha had slowly made progress and was now short of bottoming out. I felt a tingling in my ass, loving the feeling of that place being stuffed so full.
“Oh yeah, here we go. Right as it should be, your nasty omega back door and mouth stuffed full of alpha. This is where you belong, and you look so good like this,” the redhead said with a raspy voice, “now I’m gonna fill this hole up to the brim with my load, and you’ll just take it all, because that’s the only place we’ll be coming tonight, slut.”
My arousal heightened at the thought of the alpha coming inside me but got dampened when I understood it will be only in my ass. But still, my cunt was dripping and my drool was making its way down the brunette’s penis filling my mouth.
“I can smell her getting even wetter,” the tall alpha laughed, her hands still in my hair to keep my mouth on her cock.
I felt the redhead start to move again, her cock gliding out of my hole until only the tip was still inside, then she pushed back in, my tight ring convulsing at the pleasure of being stretched.
“Such a good girl,” the smaller alpha praised, delightedly kneading my ass checks and pushing them apart, showing off her dick disappearing into my ass.
I moaned around the dick in my mouth when she bottomed out again, reaching places deep inside me.
“She’s loving it, the little anal whore. I bet she can’t wait for you to cum inside.”
“Soon, little slut, soon,” the alpha cooed, gripping my hips to get a better grip and she accelerated her thrusts. My thighs shook with each and every one, my moans constantly stifled by the cock in my mouth. But it felt so good. My cunt was clenching around nothing, the sticky wetness running down my legs.
My head got lifted up from my girlfriend’s penis and she looked me in the eye, saying: “You won’t come until we tell you to. Are we clear?”
I gulped and nodded.
She raised an eyebrow.
As best as I could, I said through the gag: “Yes, Mistress.”
She nodded in acceptance.
“Good.” Then she let go of me and stood up, leaving me pressed against the edge of the bed with my legs spread and the other alpha still fucking my ass. I heard her step up behind the redhead, and heard a moan, probably because the alpha was touching her somehow.
“I can feel you’re close,” the brunette whispered in her seductive deep voice, her hands running down to the smaller alpha’s crotch, playing with her balls. The ginger-haired alpha growled, which quickly turned into a groan when the long fingers of my girlfriend completely wrapped around her sack.
“I can’t wait to watch you give all of this to our omega slut, so willingly accepting it in her ass. Just imagine her backdoor painted in your seed, the hole overstuffed so it’s running out on one end…”
The dick in my ass spasmed, the thrusts losing their rhythm and pressing inside as if she wanted to disappear into me.
“That’s it, good girl,” the brunette deliberately told the other alpha, who growl-whimpered in response, before finally exploding. Her cum hit the deepest parts of my ass, the sensation almost making me cum myself. Almost, for this time, I controlled myself for the sake of my Mistress. Soon, too soon, she was pulling out.
“I wish you could see this, slut,” my girlfriend snickered, her finger trailing over my ass crack. I shuddered when I felt the cum leaking out, my asshole clenching around nothing. Then I heard the unmistakable sounds of them kissing aggressively, little groans and snarls giving them away.
My ass felt used and spread, but still I felt unfulfilled. But how could I ask for it with my mouth gagged? All that came out was a high-pitched whine.
“Oh baby girl. Already feeling neglected, without a cock in your ass?”
I whined again, a shudder running through my body.
I heard the redhead speak up: “Maybe you should alleviate that poor omega. She clearly needs one more butt pounding, and then you’ll have a submissive bitch for life.”
The brunette hummed, her fingers once more trailing over my skin. Every touch set my nerve endings on fire, and I whined louder. A harsh slap came down on my ass. I quietened immediately, my head hanging low.
“Good girl,” the husky voice of my girlfriend praised.
“Are you sure you’re done?” she questioned the smaller alpha.
“Yes. She’s all yours,” I heard her say followed by the sound of more kissing. I refrained of making another noise, although it was hard: my cunt was still dripping, and I couldn’t wait to have my back door stuffed again.
“Okay, slut. Show me how much you want this: Move closer to the bed, until your knees touch the mattress. Stick that slutty ass in the air.”
I followed her instructions without hesitation. Then her hand suddenly moved through the wetness between my legs.
“Fucking hell, you’re drenched. So this is what happens when I leave your greedy fuck hole unattended? Good to know,” she seductively purred, two of her fingers entering me without hesitation.
A muffled please came through the gag.
“Oh, you’ll be begging soon enough, pet. Normally, I’d make you spread your cheeks wide open with your own hands, but since you’re so compromised right now, I’ll just have to do it myself.”
Then she bent down closer and talked directly into my ear.
“I’m gonna fuck you into the mattress until you won’t be able to form a coherent thought.”
My breath got heavier with her announcement and my whole body was covered in goosebumps.
The brunette straightened up and took a step back, lining herself up with my ass.
She began pushing inside, my wetness, her precum and the white seed in my ass being her lubrication. A silent cry tore through my body, leaving me panting when she didn’t waste any time and just rammed her whole length inside.
“Oh, yeah. Look at that slutty ass, taking all of my thick cock so easily. You were just made for this, for having your butt filled with my cock and then my cum. This is where you belong, little omega.”
She began thrusting, picking up speed quickly. Every contact of her pelvis with my ass sent my body into the mattress, just like she promised. My hands clenched together where they were bound on my back, nails digging into my skin. A moan broke through the gag while the alpha continued her pounding.
“You like this, slut?”
I moaned again, nodding my head slightly.
“Do you want me to cum inside your tight, pretty ass?”
I nodded again.
“What do you say?”
I swallowed down some saliva and said as best as I could: “Please, Mistress.”
“Do you want to cum to?”
I nodded and let out another barely audible ‘yes’.
A hand snaked out to my clit, drawing tight circles on it.
“Cum for me, my omega slut, you may.”
Immediately, my cunt exploded, wetting the bed with my cum. The orgasm was so powerful it left me panting, while the brunette alpha fucked my ass through it, unrelenting. The moment it was beginning to simmer down, the alpha doubled her speed and again began stroking my clit.
“Again.”
My back arched, a groan rising up through my throat when my second orgasm quickly built up and threw me over the edge again. My pussy was still clenching around nothing, juices flowing freely.
“Oh yes. You’re clenching so wonderfully around me. I love your tight little rosebud. I could stay like this and fuck you the whole night in your slutty ass. You’d love that, wouldn’t you?”
I moaned in approval. Although I was growing tired, the thought of my ass being left empty made me want to stick it out and beg for my alphas to don’t allow to let it go unfilled.
Suddenly, I felt my legs being repositioned a bit and though I couldn’t look down, I knew the smaller alpha was making herself comfortable under my pussy. Desperately, I arched my back even further, hoping she’d understand.
Thankfully, she did. I felt her probing tongue on my swollen clit, swirling over it before moving further down, pushing her tongue inside my tongue. I howled through the gag and bucked my hips at the intense stimulation.
“I’m close, slut. You’re not allowed to cum until I do, you know that. And since you haven’t been a model omega slut all night, I really hope you’ll follow this simple rule. Otherwise, I’ll tie you up with ropes like a nice little package, then leave both your holes unfilled and just leave you like that for the whole night, do you understand?” the brunette panted, her voice heavy with arousal and exertion.
“Yes, Mistress. I promise, please,” I shouted through the gag.
“Good.”
She bent down, her lips gliding over my sweat-damp back, occasionally licking, sucking and biting down, probably leaving very visible marks.
“Don’t you worry, soon you’ll have two big alpha cum loads in your tight ass. Just like an omega should,” she began, picking up her pace again, but her thrust were less controlled and I knew that she was very close, “all you have to do is let yourself be marked, owned, bred, slut. Except that all the cum you’ll get will just go into your ass, because you’ve been a naughty girl. You don’t deserve to have your belly filled with our sweet cum, no, you’ll be painted white on and in your ass like some common whore.”
Meanwhile, the other alpha’s tongue was lapping away at the wetness in my pussy, sometimes pausing to suck on my clit. She moaned, her hands gripping my thighs in an iron grip.
I moaned and writhed, feeling another orgasm built up. Since I didn’t dare disobey my mistress again, I began pushing back to her ass-fucking, sticking my ass up higher. I knew my efforts were appreciated when I felt my girlfriend howl.
“Such a good, anal-loving girl. We’ll be doing this much more often, my omega pet.”
Suddenly, she stilled, and I felt her seed shoot into my ass, and I moaned obscenely. I felt so full.
The brunette thrusted her hips, riding out her aftershocks. Then she slapped my ass once, making me jump.
“Cum, slut.”
Her words opened a floodgate, and with a cry I began climaxing, squirting heavily over the redhead alpha’s tongue, her quick movements prolonging my high while the cock in my ass reminded me of who I belonged too.
“Such a good girl,” my Mistress purred, her hands gliding over my back, after I was done coming and collapsed onto the mattress. I relaxed under her gentle caresses, and began purring as soon as another pair of hands joined hers, kneading at my tired muscles.
“I’m gonna pull out now, baby,” the brunette alpha whispered, and then slowly removed her cock from my ass.
“Oh damn,” the redhead said, while leaning over my body to see the gaping hole, never stopping her gentle touches.
“Yeah, this hole is very pretty and gaping wide open. I can’t wait to stretch her out again as soon as possible.”
Then, she moved towards my head, her now flaccid cock swinging between her thighs. She unclasped the ring gag, carefully taking it out. I flexed my jaw, trying to make the stiffness go away. Long fingers caressed my face, followed by soft kisses being planted on my eyes, nose, cheeks, jaw and then finally my lips.
Her mouth on mine was comforting, letting me know that the play was over.
“Mistress, I…” I began, my voice a little hoarse.
She nuzzled my jaw.
“What is it, baby?”
I blushed and looked down when I said the next words.
“Can you put a plug in my ass so I can keep all your cum inside?”
My girlfriend was silent for a while, then loudly guffawed.
“Oh my god, baby. That was the hottest thing.”
“She’s right though,” the redhead alpha chimed in, “we wouldn’t want all that cum going to waste by dripping out of her slutty hole, now would we?”
The brunette chuckled, moving away from me to plant a kiss on the other alpha’s lips.
“Agreed.”
She jumped off the bed, walking over to the drawer to retrieve a butt plug.
I felt gentle hands unclasp the cuffs around my elbows, then softly massaging my limbs to get my blood flow going all the way to the fingertips again. I felt a soft towel wipe at my pussy, I moaned at the touch because I was so sensitive.
“Sorry, pet…” the husky voice of my high-school crush whispered in my ear, carefully continuing to clean me up. I felt her fingers under my chin, lifting it up. She began to wipe away the traces of cum that adorned my face, and I lost myself in her blue eyes. They were shining with a comforting warmth and so much affection.
She threw the towel aside, then proceeded to lie down under the covers, taking me with her. I relaxed when I felt her arms around me and nuzzled her gorgeous breasts, letting out a satisfied puff of air. Her fingers began massaging my scalp, running through my hair comfortingly.
While lying comfortably and already drifting to sleep, I heard the other alpha come back from the bathroom, probably after having cleaned herself up. She climbed up the bed, kneeling beside me and pulling back the covers. I whined at the sudden cold, too tired to lift my head from my comfortable boob pillow.
“It’s okay, baby, I’ll make you warm again in a moment, I just need you to relax a bit for me.” She began rubbing some lotion onto my ass cheeks, taking away a sting I didn’t even know was there until she soothed it. I sighed deeply and relaxed even further in the doting alphas.
“Here it goes, baby.”
Something cold pressed against my back side.
“Now you can hold it inside for the whole night,” the alpha chuckled lowly, slipping the butt plug into my ass. It was not too big after being stretched the whole evening by the two alphas, but it certainly wasn’t small. My ass clenched around it, revelling at being filled again. I felt warm within, stuffed to the brim with both my alpha’s cum.
I purred when the brunette laid down behind me, pulling the covers up once more.
Then I felt her lips at my neck when she slotted her body to mine, spooning me from behind.
“Anything else you desire, love?” my girlfriend purred, her voice liquid honey.
I smiled.
“No. I’ve got all I want right here.” I gripped my girlfriend hand snaking around my chest in my one hand, reaching out with the other blindly to the other alpha. Once her warm hand enclosed mine, I sighed once more and relaxed even more.
“Sleep, baby.”

Kim Namjoon had been in a funk for days.  The producer line had been tasked with creating a ballad for an OST and so far, all of them were drawing a blank.  Hoseok was in Japan filming for his mixtape and Yoongi was locked in Genius Lab searching for inspiration.  It was disheartening.

Usually the producer line was good at getting the very basics out, knowing they could count on Kookie and Jiminah for killer lyrics or Taehyungah for inspiring conversation.  Right now, they didn’t even have that.

“Think back on how it was when you only wanted what you now have…”

Somang noona always made things sound so simple.  Sometimes Namjoon wondered if she understood the complexities of it all.  Most of the time Namjoon knew she understood better than most exactly what it was that made him tick.

“I miss you.”

Namjoon smiled at his phone as he read his latest text.  The love of his life never pushed too hard to see him when he was busy, but she always sent just enough of a text to let him know he was wanted in the world outside his studio. 

“Come see me,” he sent back.

Namjoon smiled again when a few minutes later she responded with a simple text reading ‘see you soon’.

 

On the other side of town Somang rolled out of bed and prepared for the day.  She had only gotten back home thirteen hours before and in her overworked state had opted to go straight to bed hoping a few hours of sleep in her own home would ease her body and mind.  Of course, she had not seen her other half in almost three weeks and a small part of her conceded that that may or may not be her entire problem.

She knew her sweet Joonah was busy, probably locked away in his studio slaving over some to-be-released song, his brow drawing down as he frowned and deleted an entire section of lyrics only to scrub his face with his hands and start again.  The idea alone was enough to make her take up her phone and send him a quick text, a smile crossing her face as she imagined him reading it. 

Her phone went off as she was brushing her teeth and she was surprised at the invitation he had sent.  Somang had known Namjoon for years, and while they had been mutually exclusive for several months he had not once invited her to his work space for any reason at all.  Not even to meet up for drinks after a long day at the office. 

Namjoon had insisted it was because he wanted to keep his work separate; had told her she was something meant only for him and that he was far too selfish to share her with the outside world or anyone she may come across on her ventures in to BigHit.  Somang had believed in that because contrary to popular belief, Namjoon was a jealous man and he was terrifying in how protective he was when it came to someone threatening what was his.  The daddy complex that man harbored was unreal.

Smiling again Somang shot a quick acceptance text and looked at herself in the mirror, opting to change her entire outfit and fix her make-up and hair before finding her way to the address in her phone.

Namjoon was jamming to everything and nothing at all when the doorbell to his studio rang signaling a visitor at his door.  Pressing the button on his desk he smiled when he heard the door open softly and turned to see an angel enter.

“I missed you,” he said, his tone lazy as his eyes took in the woman before him.

Somang could only nod as she looked around his studio and agreed that it was definitely him.

“Have a good trip?” he asked, his head tilting to one side as he gestured to the couch along his back wall.

“It was productive,” Somang said with a small smile as she slipped off her shoes and sat down her purse, tucking her skirt around her as she gently sat on Namjoons couch.

“Like it?” he asked, gesturing around him.

“It’s…a lot of creepy dolls,” she said with a laugh, causing Namjoon to laugh as well.  “Having trouble?” she asked, her eyes going to his blank screen and paused music.

“OST,” he said, his face turning somber as he looked back at the screen.  “None of us have any idea what to write about and…Hoseok hyung is away on business so…it’s mostly just me and the tsundere in Genius Lab.”

Somang nodded at that as she processed his words.

“Happy?  Longing?  Sad?  Angst?” she asked.

“Don’t leave me,” Namjoon said, turning and writing something down for later.

“So, he’s begging her to stay?”

“Mmm…”

“Use that,” Somang said as though it answered every question out there.

“Use what?” Namjoon asked in confusion.

“Beg her to stay?” Somang said simply.

“Beg who?”

“Beg me,” Somang said after a moment of thought.  “My company offered me a promotion but…I would have to transfer to L.A.  Beg me to stay…”

“Are you serious?” Namjoon asked as he sat up straight.

“Mmm…” Somang said with a nod.  “I was…going to bring it up at dinner but—”

“Is it…do you want it?” Namjoon asked, his mind cycling a million miles an hour.

Somang could only shrug.

“Please don’t,” Namjoon whispered as his stomach sank.

“Don’t what?” Somang asked softly, barely looking at the man before her as her own heart broke.

“Don’t go…” he begged, his voice still low.

“Why not?” she countered just as softly.

“I need you,” he said, his eyes suddenly burning in to her.

“What about what I need?” Somang asked.

“What do you need?” Namjoon asked, standing up and crossing the room to sit beside her.

“Does it matter?” Somang asked, trying not to sound defeated.

“It does to me,” Namjoon said, his hand coming up to rest on her cheek as he considered her once again.

“And if I only need you?” she asked.  “If I tell you that I’m selfish and I want all of you all to myself?”

Namjoon couldn’t help but smile softly at that as he considered her words.

“You know all you have to do is ask…”

Somangs brain went on autopilot as she slowly leaned in to the man before her, her lips barely brushing his as her hands braced against his chest, her mind briefly debating if he was working out again before it short circuited all together causing her to melt into the kiss he had chosen to deepen.  Namjoon had been caught off guard by the sudden physical assault and for a moment he gave in to the carnal passion within him before he came to his senses and slowly pulled away.

“Don’t get something started you don’t intend to finish,” he breathed, trying to make it sound like a joke.

“Have I ever?” she said back, sounding a little breathless.

Namjoon nodded at that as his hand fell away from her face, coming to rest on her knee before he threw all caution to the wind and slowly trailed a finger up the inside of her leg.

“New dress?’ he asked, his tone light as his eyes traced the trail of his finger.

“No,” Somang breathed as her eyes too went to his ministrations.

“Mmmm,” he said, trying to control his motions.

 

No further words were needed as Namjoon slowly traced his fingers along Somangs thigh, the clinks of his cold silver bracelet sending shivers up her spine as he breached the edge of her skirt and continued upwards with his motions.

“Joonah—” Somang breathed as he edged closer and closer towards her panty line.

In an instant Namjoons finger had disappeared, his hand now tracing along her neck and across her throat, his eyes suddenly dark as he looked right at her.

“What…do you need?” he asked, leaning in and teasing the skin where throat meets shoulder, biting down gently before soothing it with his tongue.

Suddenly Somang didn’t know her own name, where she was, or anything that she wanted except—

“You,” she breathed, her fingers tangling in his shirt.

He had definitely been working out.

“Is that so baby girl?’ he asked, humor in his tone.

All she could do was nod.

Before she knew what was happening she was lying flat on his couch, his lean body stretched over her, supported by only one arm as he gave her a smirk, leaning in and claiming her lips in a searing kiss that had her worrying about the solidity of her bones.

“Joonah—” she breathed.

“Door locks on its own,” he said as he kissed his way back down her neck.

“The—”

“Yoongi hyung had a soundproof door installed last week,” he smirked as he continued his assault, his free hand coming to rest on her hip; his thumb tracing circles on the bone.

“Are you?” she tried, words hard to come by.

“Only if you are,” he said softly, pausing for a moment so that she could decline if she so wished.

“I am,” she said, her hands coming up to snake under his shirt. Her body responding when she realized just what Namjoon had been hiding under all those baggy clothes.

Namjoons head fell forward as Somang traced the plains of his well-defined stomach, a guttural moan escaping him as her fingers teased the waistband of his pants.

“Baby girl,” he growled.  “You best behave…”

Somang giggled and shook her head, trailing perfectly manicured nails up his back, causing him to shudder and resume his attack, his lips trailing down her neck as his hand found her thigh, his fingers trailing up her leg to rest once more at the edge of her panties, his ministrations paused as he pulled away to look her in the eye.

“What?” she asked as she looked up at him, hair mused, and cheeks flushed, a small smile on her face.

“Just you,” he said, returning her smile.

“What about me?” she challenged.

All Namjoon could do was laugh as he leaned in and claimed her mouth in a soft, slow kiss, his fingers trailing against the outside of her lace thong.

“So wet,” he whispered against her lips as his finger teased her through the fabric. 

Somang only nodded as her hips bucked against him causing him to laugh again.

“Sooo needy,” he teased, moving his hand away from where it had rested.

Somang was about to speak again when she felt something long slip inside of her and settle, her breath escaping her lungs in a rush as she tried to remember how to breathe.

Namjoon almost came undone at the look of ecstasy on his girlfriends’ face as her body arched against his knuckle which was now buried in her heat.

“Does baby girl like that?” he asked, his tone husky.

Somang could only hiss as she tried to bring oxygen to her lungs.

Namjoon on the other hand had no intention of letting her breathe as he slowly removed his finger from within Somangs tight walls only to slam it back in a moment later, causing her body to jerk as she squeaked in pleasure.

One of Namjoons best features in Somangs mind had always been his hands and now more than ever she wished that he would use them.  She wanted him to play her like a fiddle, to bury his digits deep within her and make her beg; to assault her until she was a puddle of goo on his studio floor, and if she had any say in the matter she would make him do just that.

“Please…” Somang whispered as her hands went to Namjoons arms in a desperate attempt to ground herself to reality.

“Please what?” he asked, his eyes raking over her body once more.

“Don’t stop…”

Those were the only words Namjoon needed to lose control.  Once he was sure that Somangs body had adjusted to the intrusion Namjoon added another finger, his ministrations slow as he stretched her opening, preparing her for what he hoped was to come.   

Beneath him Somang was slowly coming unglued.  Every nerve ending in her was on fire and with each thrust of Namjoons fingers she felt her body jerk in pleasure.  It briefly crossed her mind to ask why she had waited so long to do this, but as soon as the thought came it was gone again.

Before she knew it Namjoon had added a third finger, his lips now trailing their way back down her neck to her collarbone, his free hand coming up to expose the skin of her torso, teasingly ghosting up her sides before trailing across her stomach and back up to trace the edge of her bra.

Somang whimpered as Namjoon found her bundle of nerves, a shiver traveling through her body as he repositioned himself to trail kisses down her body, teeth grazing over her hipbone before kissing back up to her breastbone, an evil glint in his eyes.

“I need you to lose these clothes,” he said, his voice filled with desire.

Somang nodded but made no move to take anything off.  She sighed at the loss of contact as Namjoon removed his fingers from inside her but was flushed once again as he removed her skirt and panties before pulling her off of the couch and onto his lap, his arms wrapping around her to quickly remove her bra which she assisted in removing along with her shirt.

“Not fair,” she whispered, suddenly self-conscious as she caught Namjoon looking at her like a snack.

Smirking at that Namjoon sat forward and removed his own shirt, throwing it into the growing pile of discarded clothes.

“Better?” he asked, one eyebrow raised.

“A little,” Somang said with a pout.

“Still sure?” Namjoon asked, his fingers tracing up and down her spine in an attempt to calm his nerves.

Somang didn’t answer.  Instead she leaned in slowly, claiming his lips in a gentle kiss as her hands came to rest against his chest, her hips grinding against him to show what she truly wanted. 

Namjoon gasped into the kiss, his body responding to Somangs actions as he felt all the blood leave his brain.  Slowly bringing his hands around her sides Namjoons ghosted his hands over her pert breasts, his thumbs trailing over her nipples to elicit a response.

“Tease,” Somang growled, biting his lip in retaliation as he chuckled against her lips.

“Sorry,” he breathed, lips moving to her collarbone once more, kisses trailing down her chest as he stood and laid her on the couch once more, his mouth attacking her breasts, tongue swirling around one nipple, then the other as his hands trailed down her body once more.

“Joonah…” Somang breathed as her hands tangled in his hair, her senses overloaded.

Namjoon didn’t even need to ask what she wanted as he slipped two fingers inside of her, his thumb rubbing over her clit, causing her body to arch off of the couch and her mouth to open in a silent scream.  The sight was almost too much for him to handle as he felt his dick twitch in response.

“Please…” she moaned, her eyes now glossy as she cocked her head to look at him.

“Please…what?” he asked, a shit eating grin on his face.

“I need you…”

Namjoons face turned serious as he stood, his hands making quick work of his belt.

Somang sat up to undo the button on his jeans and together they rid him of his remaining clothes, everything now discarded in a corner.

Neither one said another word as Namjoon laid Somang down on the floor, thankful he had that damn fuzzy rug installed. 

Bracing himself with both arms Namjoon looked at Somang, committing this moment to memory before claiming her mouth in a heated kiss as he positioned the head of his dick against her dripping wet vagina.

“Please…” she whispered again, causing Namjoon to push in and hold as she adjusted to his size.

Somang gasped in pleasure and pain as her nails dug in to Namjoons back, her head spinning as she adjusted to having her boyfriends’ member inside of her.

“You okay?” he asked, his eyes looking at her in concern.

All Somang could do was nod as she motioned for Namjoon to move.

Slowly the man above her pulled almost all the way out before slowly sliding back in, burying himself to the hilt within Somangs tight walls, his head spinning from the pleasure.

“Don’t tease,” Somang breathed, her eyes shut tight.

“Damn gurl,” he breathed before pulling out again and slamming back in to her, causing the both of them to see stars.

Somang let out an involuntary squeak as Namjoons thumb found her bundle of nerves and brushed over it as his dick bottomed out inside of her.

“Baby girl like that?” he asked, causing Somang to nod and moan as she felt the pressure building in her abdomen.

Namjoon dropped his head against Somangs shoulder as he felt her walls twitch around his dick, picking up the pace of his thrusts as he too felt himself approaching climax.

“Baby…” Somang breathed.  “I need…”

Namjoon nodded and kissed her roughly before sitting up and grabbing her hips, repositioning her so that her legs were wrapped around him.  At this angle Namjoons thrusts went deeper and every pass teased her bundle of nerves.

“Joonah…I’m gonna…” she squeaked.

“Cum for me baby girl,” he said, thrusting into her hard and deep, his thumb pressing against her clit; causing her to come undone.

Somang couldn’t contain the squeak as her walls convulsed around Namjoons still hard cock, stars bursting in her vision.

“Damn baby,” he moaned, thrusting in to her once, twice more before he felt the coil in his stomach snap and his orgasm explode from him, his hot seed coating Somangs walls and filing her to the brim as he collapsed forward from the force of his own release. 

“Oh, my gawd,” Somang moaned as she felt more tremors wash over her, her nails once more digging in to Namjoons back.  “Baby…”

Namjoon just huffed a laugh and nodded, leaning in to kiss Somang senseless before pulling out and retrieving his shirt, using it to clean Somang off before wiping his own juices off of him.

“Damn,” he said, handing Somangs clothes to her, pulling on his pants and collapsing on to the couch.

“Yeah,” Somang said with a blush as she pulled on her shirt and skirt, stuffing her underwear in her bag and curling up on the couch next to Namjoon, sighing as he wrapped his arms around her.

“I think I have that song now,” he said softly as he looked at her.

“Mmmm?” she asked, looking at him as well.

“Were you lying about L.A.?” he asked.

Somang only shook her head.

“Are you going?” he asked, trying to hide his nerves.

Somang shook her head again.

“I have to stay and listen to your song…”

You watched as Kuai shimmied on the bed to get comfortable. You were sitting at the foot of the bed, legs tucked underneath you and keen eyes focused on the beautiful man before you. Kuai Liang was a formidable Grandmaster, and a skilled ninja. You were lucky you got to see him in this state.

Kuai Liang looked at you with warm brown eyes, his brows furrowing slightly as he gave you a small smile. His eye scar crinkled at the movement, and you couldn’t help but love how awkward this man was. Kuai was sat back against the plush red pillows on the bed, and you took a moment to bask in the sight before you.

His sun kissed skin shone underneath the warm light of the room, the expanse of his skin being covered with a few scars. He was sitting, his legs bent and lightly spread. His hands were laying on his stomach casually but you could see his fingers twitching. That wasn’t what captivated you. It was the pretty, lacy lingerie he wore. The top was halter-style. The trimming was gold and the lace pattern of the fabric was red roses. The matching bottoms were gold and thin fabric. It did not hold well as you could see his swelling cock underneath twitch. Your mouth watered as your eyes traveled down to his legs. Specifically, his thighs. He had thin, golden garters to finish the set that were accented with the same red lace fabric on either side of the garters.

Kuai Liang was a vision.

And he was all yours tonight.

“Slowly trail your hands along your stomach and up to your chest,” you requested. This was the deal. You had been very good for Kuai Liang, and he promised that you would get to pick your own reward for behaving for him.

You were not particularly bratty, however you found it hard to take care of yourself at times -hence you both made a compromise. You took care of yourself for the week; making sure to eat, get enough sleep, and to get enough training completed. Your reward? Kuai Liang however you wanted. The two of you had a sexual relationship, with Harumi joining in. She made it very clear that this session was for the two of you, and you were thankful for the privacy this time.

Kuai Liang’s hands slowly dragged from their resting position on his belly. His long fingers carded through his thin happy trail and danced along the expanse of his skin. The closer they got to his chest, the faster your heartbeat. You felt warm, flushed. You wore simple pajamas- shorts and wife pleaser, but you felt like you were about to burn alive. Or maybe it was being so close to the pyro user that was causing you to feel aflame. His hands reached his chest, and you licked your lips. He watched you with lidded eyes, his fingers caressing the lace that stretched over his chest.

“Grab your chest,” you breathed. He did as you liked, his breath hitching. God they were so fucking plump. “Thumb your nipples,” you continued. “Play with your tits.”
His cock twitched from underneath the underwear and you could see a small wet patch start to form. You clenched.

A shiver trailed up your back as you watched him thumb at his hardening nipples underneath the lace. He gasped, tweaking them. God, Kuai was fucking gorgeous. His hands grasped harder as he rubbed at the nubs. You could tell the lace was causing wonderful friction on the erect tits, and you were loving each of his gasps he let out as he groped his chest. You shifted your hips, determined to wait until after the session to get off. This was your reward, and you asked for Kuai Liang to play with himself for you.

“Trail your fingers back down to your hips,” you asked. He did as asked, sighing as his fingers left his chest. They did their dance back across his stomach, resting at his hips, near the golden bottoms. He was waiting for you, his mouth slightly parted as he took shuddering breaths. You didn’t want to torture him by making him wait, and you really wanted him to bare himself to you.

“Take your cock out, Kuai.”

His thighs shook as he reached inside of his underwear. He lightly pushed the underwear down, his fingers wrapping around his erection. His cock was something that you adored. He was of average size, with a flushed red head. You could see the precum leaking from his dick and you clenched again.

“Caress yourself,” you whispered. Your eyes were glued to his cock as he slowly pumped it. He hissed as he thumbed the head of his cock, smearing the precum down his shaft with his digits. His hips twitched, as if he was going to thrust into his hand but stopped himself. He stroked his cock at a languid pace.

“You look so fucking pretty like this, my ember.” You watched as Kuai flushed at the compliment. One of the things you and Harumi were determined to do was to compliment this sweet man more. “I love the way you look all dressed in lace.” His hand slowly picked up the pace and he whimpered.

“You look so gorgeous spread out for me, all dressed up and wanting,” you continued. “All dressed up for me, baby.” He huffed, fisting his cock tighter. Precum leaked heavily from his ruddy head. “I need you to dress like this more often, Kuai. I’m sure Harumi would love to see you all riled up as I prepare her for you to fuck,” you mentioned. You leaned forward as he closed his watering eyes. The wet smacks of his cock filled up the room. It sounded like music to your ears.

But it was not as beautiful as the moan that ripped from his throat as he came. Thick ropes of cum spurted from his cock and he kept jerking his shaft, milking his cock of every drop until his thighs were shaking and he dropped his cock onto his stomach. You smiled as you took in this beautiful man.

He was laid back, panting. Strands of hair escaped his bun and stuck to his face that was sheened with sweat. His chest was heaving and the glistening cum on his chest, on the lace, looked so pretty painted on him. All of him, and this pretty, pretty mess he made, all for you tonight.

It was really weird for Ranma to be almost alone in the Tendo house. Normally, there was just so much activity going on in it. The Tendos themselves, obviously, her and her pop, Ryoga and whoever else would be dropping by to harass Akane or challenge Ranma. But right now, it was just her and Akane and they weren’t even in the same room.

It was weird, not what Ranma was used to at all. On the plus side, it also meant that she could try out this sake she had liberated from the old perv’s room without anyone getting in the way. Ranma had found some shallow drinking bowls and was testing the bottle out. It certainly looked old enough, like it had been made before even Pops had been born. So that should mean it had a really good taste to it, right? Or was that just wine?

Whatever the case was, Ranma popped the bottle open and poured herself a measure. She could really use a way to unwind right now. After getting hit with the double blow of being locked into girl form and the moxibustion point limiting her strength to a preschooler, Ranma really needed something good going for her. Some way to just forget that and try not to think about how Ryoga seemed to be looking at her.

And that was nothing compared to what Akane was doing to her. She had been very… well, Akane called it friendly to Ranma lately. Very friendly. Lots of groping, grabbing Ranma’s breasts, sliding her hand across Ranma’s ass, that sort of thing. Pinning Ranma to the wall with one hand and telling her to try to break free while the other pulled Ranma’s shirt up or tugged her pants down. And the baths that they were taking together now, there was quite a bit going on in those baths that made Ranma blush to remember.

Kasumi seemed a bit aware of what was going on with all of that and Nabiki seemed a lot more aware. Both sets of dads seemed out of the loop, which was probably a good thing. They had certainly said that the wedding was on hold until Ranma was a guy again so that Akane could get pregnant.

Ranma shivered as she thought about that and then took another swallow of sake. It burned nicely going down her throat and she nodded as she poured herself some more. What was she going to do with Akane, huh? The black-haired girl was just getting so aggressive now, so gropy. Just as bad as Kuno, really, except Akane actually knew something about the female form and how to stimulate it.

That made Ranma blush as she remembered how hot she could get down in her crotch whenever she pulled away from Akane. There could be outright wetness at times, lust starting to flow down her legs and make itself known. Not a very good thing, not a good thing at all for her to be feeling. At least, not if she wanted to have Akane stop doing this sort of thing.

Ranma stared down at her reflection in the sake, glad that she couldn’t see if she was blushing right now. Rather than think about that too much, she instead downed another drink, feeling the warm burn all the way from her mouth to her stomach. Hm, this was good stuff. Really… pink.

Why on earth had Ranma thought that this was pink? She frowned, not sure at all. Maybe two drinks were enough of that. She leaned backwards against the wall, looking down at her undeniably female body and shivering as she stared. Just seeing all of this, how she was put on display, it was very, very understandable why Akane would be going after her like this. These big boobs, that firm ass, everything about Ranma’s female body was so much hotter than Akane’s.

Though ever since Akane had proven herself to be far stronger than Ranma, Ranma had started to keep a lid on that sort of comment. It was very embarrassing to get spanked by Akane. Pulled onto her lap, pants pulled down and Akane’s hand landing on her ass time and time again. Ranma blushed hard as she stared down along her body, remembering how she had almost ended up crying from the sheer force of the impacts, how the hand had landed on her rear over and over again, making her twitch and whimper and whine from the force of the blows.

Shuddering, Ranma forced those ideas out of her head and instead gave her boobs a squeeze. She wasn’t sure why she had done that but it felt so good that she couldn’t possibly complain about it. She just took a deep breath and shivered, feeling the heat in her lower body that had been kindled to life.

Ranma moaned softly as she slid her hand up and down along her body. It just felt so nice. Ranma shivered as she rubbed at her crotch over her pants, feeling the way that the tingles spread through her. There was a heat there, a growing, rising heat that made her feel really nice. She swallowed hard and realized that at some point, her other hand had started squeezing her breast. Oh. She should probably stop that, huh?

Thinking that and actually stopping it were two different things, though. Ranma panted as she felt her hands continuing to move along her body, playing with herself and making her feel very, very good. She swallowed at just how nice that was, how the pleasure was bubbling inside of her and making her want some more.

It wasn’t really a surprise to Ranma when her hand slid inside of her pants and boxers and rubbed right at her wet lower lips. It felt very good and she blushed at the mewling sound she made as she touched herself. Well, that was kind of embarrassing to hear but it wasn’t enough to get her to stop. Not when she was still feeling like this.

Groping her breast as Ranma slid a finger back and forth against her lower lips, Ranma had to take several deep breaths as she realized that she really was going to masturbate in her bedroom. She was just feeling too horny and worked up to stop herself right now.

Which was right when the door slid open. Ranma made a squeaking sound, her eyes going wide as she stared at Akane. The other girl had her arms crossed over her chest and she was staring down at Ranma, even as the redhead kept her hand buried inside of her pants and the other clearly squeezing her tit.

“Wow, what a surprise,” Akane said, stepping into the room. “I wondered what you were up to, Ranma.” She shook her head and walked over to Ranma. “What are you thinking about right now, huh?” She squatted down next to Ranma and wrinkled her nose at the opened bottle of sake next to her. “How you could get drunk and let yourself get pawed and groped at by a bunch of strangers in a bar?”

“No,” Ranma said, her voice a bit unsteady as she moved her hands to her sides, far too late to matter. “I was just… relaxing.”

That didn’t exactly sound great to Ranma’s ears and she winced at just how lame it really was. Akane made a snorting sound and shook her head back and forth. Then she reached down and grabbed Ranma’s boob. Ranma gasped at how good it felt to have Akane’s fingers kneading her tit, even for a brief time and with her silk shirt in the way. It had been worrisome pleasant before to have Akane touching her like this but right here and now, it was at a completely different level. Ranma swallowed hard as she stared up at Akane.

“And where did you get this, anyway?” Akane asked, grabbing the bottle and holding it up to the light. “Wet Kitty Sake? What kind of name is that for a drink?”

Ranma’s pussy was feeling very wet right now indeed and she had to wonder just what all might be causing that. She couldn’t put that into words, though, or at least wasn’t able to manage to before Akane put the bottle back down and turned to her.

“And now here you are, drunk and touching yourself,” Akane said, shaking her head. “Do you know how lewd and shameful that is, Ranma?”

“It’s not that big of a deal,” Ranma said, tying to lift herself up even as Akane used a single hand to pin her in place. “You’ve had sake before, I know that!”

“But I don’t drink by myself,” Akane said grimly, swinging herself up and over, straddling Ranma’s stomach and pinning her down to the floor. “And I don’t try to drain an entire bottle, either.”

“I wasn’t going to drink all of that,” Ranma protested, trying to imagine just how crappy she would feel if she did try to do that. “Are you nuts?”

“I think,” Akane said, grabbing Ranma’s jaw with her hand, “you need to see just what happens when you overindulge in sake.” She smirked as she held the bottle up as her other hand opened Ranma’s mouth. “Open wide, Ranma.”

Ranma tried to protest as the bottle was pressed against her lips. She couldn’t make herself understood before the sake started to pour into her mouth, though. She could only make some burbling sounds as she had to start swallowing as the liquid filled her mouth up. She whimpered and whined some more as she stared up at Akane. Who was-

Who was enjoying this, Ranma realized. There was a light in her eyes right now as she made Ranma drink the bottle that said she was taking pleasure in this. Ranma shuddered, locking eyes with the taller girl and silently begging for some mercy. Mercy that wasn’t coming. Akane kept the bottle tilted up and Ranma just had to keep on chugging, swallowing mouthful after mouthful of the sake and feeling her stomach filling up.

And that wasn’t the only thing that she was feeling. The heat inside of Ranma was surging upwards, rising through her body like a phoenix. Ranma whimpered as she stiffened, feeling the lust filling her up. It was a good sensation. It was an amazingly good sensation and Ranma had to take many deep breaths as she tried to cope with what was happening to her right now. She whimpered softly as she felt the heat spreading through her, her nipples getting stiff and her pussy getting wet.

And with Akane’s knees clamped down at her sides, it wasn’t even like Ranma could move her arms. They were trapped in place and all Ranma could do was pant as she felt this happening. She didn’t think that she had ever been so horny in her life. Feeling the way her body was pulsing and aching in need right now was wonderful and awful and if Ranma could touch herself, she knew that it would only take seconds to bring herself to one of the best orgasms that she had ever felt.

She whined as she felt the heat pounding inside of her, the bliss pulsing and twitching in her guts. She was just so turned on and she needed some relief right now. She desperately needed it and Ranma couldn’t possibly give it to herself, either.

At least she had finished off the sake. And downing an entire bottle of the stuff was making Ranma feel weird. She shuddered, her head swimming as her stomach felt uncomfortably full. Whatever else was in that bottle of sake, some alcohol was in it as well and it was quickly making itself felt with Ranma. She panted, feeling like she was… drunk. Yeah, really drunk right now.

“There,” Akane said, dropping the bottle to the side. “You finished the entire thing. I hope you understand what happens when you drink alone.”

Ranma just moaned, unable to think of any better response right now. She was feeling… horny. Really horny. She was squirming around underneath Akane as much as her weakened state allowed her to, feeling the heat inside of her pulsing, driving against her insides, demanding that she give into it and enjoy it. She couldn’t really do anything else right now. She could only let this happen and hope for some relief.

“And… wait,” Akane looked suspiciously down at Ranma. “Are you…?”

She reached down and grabbed Ranma’s breast, her fingers quickly finding the stiff nipple and squeezing it. That felt better than Ranma would have believed possible and she mewled as she felt herself getting touched like that. Her mouth hung open and her entire body tensed up.

That wasn’t an orgasm but it was something very, very close to one. Ranma couldn’t put it in any other terms. She could only whimper softly as she felt this happening to her, her eyes wide as she stared up at Akane. Who looked very smug and pleased with herself before she reached down and grabbed Ranma’s other nipple.

The sound that Ranma made at that was completely indescribable. It was just too much, too much sensation flooding her body. Ranma could only shudder as she felt her large titties getting toyed with, the hands lifting her nipples up, the pain mixed in with the pleasure delicious beyond all measure.

“Akane,” Ranma moaned, panting for breath. “Please, Akane, stop it. I can’t… you’ve got to stop!”

“Why should I do that, huh?” Akane asked softly as she stared down at Ranma, a light entering her eyes that Ranma was more used to seeing in Kuno’s or somebody’s. “When you’re obviously enjoying this so much.”

Ranma didn’t want to be enjoying this so much but her body was just so sensitive right now. Even when Akane reached down to brush her fingers along Ranma’s skin, that felt amazing. Something that Ranma really enjoyed and that made her tremble as she felt the wetness in her pussy redouble. She could only whimper softly at what she was feeling right now, wanting more done to her. So much more.

“But it’s kind of selfish for only you to enjoy this, isn’t it?” Akane asked herself. “I should get to have some fun with you as well.”

Oh, Ranma did not like that smile on Akane’s face. She shivered as she stared up at it. Then Akane abruptly stood up. And took Ranma along with her. She dragged Ranma by the arm out of her bedroom and towards Akane’s. Akane was setting a very quick pace and Ranma struggled to keep up with it. Especially given the way that the hall was swaying back and forth as she walked. That really made it difficult to keep on her feet.

And the feeling of her clothes rubbing against her, that was something that Ranma just didn’t have the words for. She could only say that she really liked it. Liked it a whole lot. Not just the way they rubbed against her boobs or butt. But every part of her skin that was feeling any kind of pressure at all was feeling really good.

Not orgasmically good, though. Not good enough. If Ranma wasn’t stumbling to keep up with Akane, her hand would be working at her pussy. Working to give herself the orgasm that she really, really needed. Needed right now. She whined as she got pulled into Akane’s bedroom and the door shut behind her.

“Now, what are we going to do with all of this,” Akane said, waving a hand at Ranma. “You’re just so… slutty, Ranma. What are you going to do when everyone comes back home? I know what slutty girls get up to. Batting their eyes at boys.” Ranma tried to think of what kind of guy she would like to get fucked by and came up completely blank. Then she thought about a cock going inside of her pussy and that was a completely different story. She stood up straight, gasping a little. “I knew it,” Akane said, nodding and not realizing that she was wrong. “Tell me you aren’t going to go after Daddy,” Akane made a face at that.

“I wouldn’t,” Ranma said quickly, shaking her head even as she pictured herself getting stuffed with cock. Fucked good and hard. And allowed to cum. Oh god, she needed an orgasm right now more than she had ever needed anything else in her life. “I would never.”

“I’m going to make sure of that,” Akane said with a nod, opening a drawer and pulling out a small packet. “I was saving this for an emergency but I think that making sure you don’t go off to get spitroasted by our fathers qualifies.”

“Huh?” Ranma asked, blinking on confusion. “What do you mean?”

“I mean that I’ve been saving this Instant Spring of Drowned Boy packet for a while,” Akane said, pulling her skirt down along her legs. “And there’s no better time to use it than now.”

Ranma figured out what was happening as it happened. As she watched a very large shaft spring to life, growing out from Akane’s crotch and hanging in the air. She whimpered as she stared at the thing, eyes crossed as she looked at the thick slab of meat that looked about as hard as a rock. She panted for breath as she stared down at it before looking up at Akane.

“Now,” Akane said, stroking the rod and shivering, “I can see you want to get used by some guy. Taken and played with and tossed aside. Don’t you worry, Ranma.” She reached over and grabbed Ranma just as Ranma realized that it would probably be a pretty good idea to start running now. “I’m going to make sure that you get taken care of.”

“W-wait, Akane,” Ranma moaned, even as her mind was flooded with lustful thoughts as she stared down at that rod. “You, you don’t have to do this.”

But Akane clearly wanted to do it. Ranma wanted to do it as well. She couldn’t deny that. Couldn’t deny the heat that was burning inside of her, that was making her pussy feel like it was a river. She whined and whimpered some more and she still ended up on Akane’s bed, Akane looming over her as she reached down and grabbed Ranma’s clothes.

“Now, if you let yourself be a good girl, this will be so much easier for you,” Akane said, stripping Ranma. “But if you keep on acting like a little slut who only thinks about boys and how you can mess around with them…” she smiled and reached down to grab Ranma’s ass. “I’m going to have to punish you.”

Ranma shook her head back and forth at that. Both at the idea that she would want to mess around with boys and at the idea that she needed punishment. She just needed an orgasm. Oh man, she really needed an orgasm right now.

Feeling Akane’s fingers against her pussy was almost exactly what she needed. Almost. Ranma whimpered as she felt Akane probing at her wet pussy, stroking the lower lips and making her tremble from the sheer bliss of it all. She opened and closed her mouth several times as she stared up at Akane, trying to find the ability to say something and not managing it at all. This was just too good for her to stand right now.

Akane said something but Ranma couldn’t make out what it was, not with how she was feeling right now. She could only pant in heated lust as she felt this bliss flowing through her body. She whimpered and whined and felt her legs getting spread apart.

That was at least enough to get her looking down, realizing what was about to happen. Akane gripping Ranma’s thick thighs, her cock standing up in front of Ranma’s crotch and leaning forward to- oh. Oh!

“No, no, Akane,” Ranma moaned, her voice so lusty and perverted that she didn’t do a good job of denying what she was feeling. “You can’t, you-!”

Ranma came the instant the cock slid inside of her. It wasn’t your normal orgasm, either. It was the kind that made Ranma’s mind go completely blank as the pleasure flooded her body. She whimpered softly as she felt the heat flooding through her body, the lust pouring through her and making her body tremble in the face of it all. All Ranma could do was cum as she was impaled on the cock, feeling that hard thing spearing deep inside of her.

The orgasm lasted for a long while inside of Ranma, making her feel better than words could possibly express. All she could do for a while was keep on cumming, feeling her body getting taken to brand new heights that were just impossibly good. Her pussy clenched down tightly around the cock, her body trembled, her back lifted off of the bed.

And when she recovered from the orgasm, Ranma was still getting fucked by Akane. And it was still feeling fine, even if it wasn’t quite as good as the orgasm had been. Ranma mewled, her lips parted as she stared down along her body to see the cock that was hammering her, thrusting deep into her pussy again and again as Akane grunted.

“A normal girl wouldn’t be this tight,” Akane said, her shoulders rising and falling as she stared down at Ranma. “Wouldn’t be this wet.” She ran her eyes along Ranma’s naked body and kept on thrusting away. “You need some punishment, Ranma.”

Ranma mewled again, words a bit too difficult for her to manage right now as she felt the shaft burying itself deep inside of her over and over again. It was such an amazing feeling and she didn’t know how to respond to any of this. And it wasn’t like she could respond, not with how weak the moxibustion point had made her. All she could do was accept what Akane did to her and hope to somehow get away from the black-haired girl.

Though Ranma couldn’t quite make it clear in her own mind if she wanted to get away before she was driven into several more orgasms or afterwards. It was hazy inside of her thoughts and difficult to piece together an answer as she kept on getting screwed and taken.

Akane certainly wasn’t giving her a chance to get her thoughts together. Her hands let go of Ranma’s thighs and reached up to her tits, grabbing the huge mounds and squeezing them. That didn’t feel quite as good as getting her pussy pounded but it was still a seriously amazing sensation. Ranma gasped for breath as she felt her titties getting molested, groped up and toyed with. She stared down at them as the huge mounds got groped, pushed together and spread apart, toyed with in all sorts of ways.

And Akane kept on pounding her pussy. Pumping deep inside on stroke after stroke, filling Ranma up with cock. That was better than anything that Ranma had ever felt before. It was amazing how good it felt to have this thing moving inside of her, pressing against her inner walls and rubbing against her. She could feel every centimeter of that shaft as it buried itself inside of her over and over again. Ranma whimpered as she felt the bliss getting stirred up inside of her, another orgasm coming so quickly on the heels of the first.

“Just look at these things,” Akane muttered, grabbing Ranma’s breasts and squeezing down with a great deal of forcefulness. “These fat mounds.” She shook her head. “No wonder you’re such a slut when you have a pair of breasts like these.” She outright slapped Ranma’s left boob, making it bounce against the right and making Ranma softly whimper. “I can’t believe just how slutty you are, Ranma.”

Ranma tried to form an answer to that. Tried to think of something that she could say right now. But it was just too hard to think of anything as her pussy kept on swallowing cock, kept on getting screwed so good and so hard. It was just so good and she whimpered as her thoughts kept on coming back to her pussy and how amazing it felt for that wet hole to get pounded like this.

Then Ranma came again. It was just as good as her first orgasm and did just as much to make her fall apart as before. Once again, a pink fog filled her mind and made it impossible for Ranma to generate even one thought, never mind connect it to another. All she really could do right now was cum. And then cum. And then keep on cumming.

Ranma could feel how her pussy was clenching down around Akane’s cock. How tight she must be getting and how good it must be feeling for Akane. She moaned softly at that, staring up at Akane and seeing the look of lust on the other girl’s face. Akane took several deep breaths as she panted and kept on staring down at Ranma, a heated look in her eyes.

“You need to be punished for being such a slut,” Akane said quietly, her voice hard and firm. “That’s the only way you can learn how to be a good girl. You need to see what happens to girls like you who use their slutty bodies to mess around with guys.”

“I, I, I, would never,” Ranma moaned, trying to make herself understood.

Then her nipples got pinched, Akane reaching down and grabbing both of them. She lifted her hands up, drawing the nipples upwards and making the shape of Ranma’s breasts change. She whimpered loudly at what she felt as a result, the rush of pain mixing in with the pleasure and feeling amazingly good. Ranma could only open and close her mouth as she felt this happening, felt the sheer bliss that flowed through her and made it impossible for her to do anything but feel what was moving through her system right now.

“Yeah,” Akane said with a nod as she looked down at Ranma’s body. “You need some lessons.”

She picked up the pace, really slamming into Ranma’s pussy again and again. Ranma mewled as she felt it happening, felt her body taking more of that thick cock as it hammered into her. She couldn’t do much more than that, right now. It was just too much, just too good and Akane was just too strong. Ranma could only lay back and let herself get taken.

Then Akane made a grunting sound and lunged forward. That made Ranma’s eyes cross as she felt the shaft pressing against the top of her pussy, as deep inside as it was possible to go. The sensation was too strong for Ranma to tell if it was a good feeling or a bad one and she didn’t have long to think about it, either.

Not when less than a second later, she started to feel the hot cum flooding her pussy and flowing into her hole. That made Ranma softly whimper as the semen filled her up, getting everywhere inside of her and making her feel far, far too good. She could only pant heavily as she felt this happening to her, shot after shot of cum getting pumped into her.

It was good, too. Ranma couldn’t describe just how good it was but she knew that it was a great sensation and she wanted- she wanted something that her mind quickly shied away from actually thinking about. That would be just too worrisome for her to actually consider.

Instead, she just moaned some more as she kept on getting filled and fucked, the semen flowing inside of her and getting everywhere in her pussy. Painting her walls white, dripping out of her pussy, doing such good and strange things to her.

Akane loomed above Ranma for a bit, panting heavily as she stared down at the redhead. Then she slowly pulled out. Ranma winced at the lewd sounds her pussy made as that happened, how slutty she sounded as she got emptied out. And without Akane’s cock in the way, there was space for even more semen to start leaking out of her, pooling on the bed underneath Ranma.

Akane was still hard. Still very hard. Her cock swaying back and forth in front of Ranma, making Ranma swallow hard as she stared at that thick rod, knowing what it had done to her and what Akane was probably going to do to her again. She opened and closed her mouth, trying to think of something that she could say here and failing to manage it.

“I know you can be a good girl, Ranma,” Akane said, stroking Ranma’s inner thigh, running her hand along the skin and the twitching muscles underneath. “If you just let yourself try, I know that you can behave the way a good girl should.”

“I’m not a girl at all,” Ranma panted, her chest rising and falling as she panted for breath.

“And yet, you’ve been one for the past few weeks,” Akane said with a snort. She reached down and grabbed Ranma’s sides, flipping her around and pressing Ranma’s face against the pillow. “And a really weak one, too. Who still shows her body off so much.” She made a tsking sound in the back of her throat. “That’s the kind of combo that’s going to get boys to pay the wrong sort of attention to you.”

Ranma thought that Akane thought that any kind of attention from boys was the wrong kind but that wasn’t a comment that she felt like making right now. Especially not with Akane grabbing onto her ass, kneading the cheeks. It didn’t feel quite as good as when her boobs had been getting toyed with, but it still wasn’t a bad sensation. Ranma swallowed hard as she felt her large cheeks getting groped, Akane clenching down to see just how deeply she could sink her fingers into them.

Ranma’s pussy was still oozing arousal in addition to the cum that had been pumped into her. She could feel her inner walls clenching down around nothing and she moaned softly. Both of those orgasms had been better than anything that she had ever dreamed they could be and she was still horny. Ranma was still so very horny and she needed something done to her. She needed more than what she had gotten already, the lust inside of her wouldn’t allow anything else.

She tried to figure out how to say any of that as she looked over her shoulder, up at Akane. And at Akane’s cock. That thing was still big and hard and firm, jutting upwards and looking… impressive. Very impressive. She shivered as she looked at that thing, realizing just how badly she wanted it to go back inside of her. Deep inside of her.

Akane’s hand on her ass came as a shock. The sheer force that Akane used as she spanked Ranma made Ranma squeal and lurch forward. And then it happened again. And again. Akane was using even more force in her blows than she had the last time that she had spanked Ranma and Ranma whimpered softly as she felt herself getting punished like this. It was just- it was just too much! Just far too much and Ranma could feel the red lances of pain shooting through her rear and into her crotch, melding with the lust that was still there.

“It’s a good thing that I’m here to keep you under control, Ranma,” Akane said as she spanked Ranma some more. “Do you know what you would do if it wasn’t for me? How many times you would have let Ryoga or Kuno fuck you?”

Ranma wanted to say that there was just no way that something like that would ever happen. That she had standards. But the sheer lust that she was feeling right now would make anything sound like a good idea. And not only that, with how weak she was, if Ryoga decided to try something like that, could Ranma possibly resist him stripping her, pinning her against a wall and doing whatever he pleased to her?

Ranma whimpered at the thought and at how arousing she found that thought to be. It wasn’t the kind of thing that she wanted to consider and part of her was grateful to Akane for giving her something that very much distracted her and got her mind elsewhere.

Though feeling the slick tip of Akane’s cock pressing against Ranma’s ass was still very worrisome. Ranma gasped as she tried to pull away, but even with one hand on her hip, Akane was still too strong to let Ranma escape.

“No way,” Ranma moaned, even as her stiff nipples ached for a touch and as her pussy drooled arousal out of it. “No, Akane, you can’t, you can’t fuck me there, you can’t! Ah!”

Akane quite obviously could. She lunged forward, burying herself deep inside of Ranma very quickly. Ranma mewled, her eyes rolling up in her head as she felt the cock sliding into her asshole. That was the kind of sensation that Ranma would never have dreamed of feeling and it was just too much, too deep inside of her. She whimpered as she felt it happening, felt herself getting filled up like this.

It wasn’t exactly like getting her pussy fucked but it was still a very good sensation indeed. Ranma gasped as she felt the way that she was getting taken, the way that the cock was moving inside of her as Akane kept on pressing forward, burying more and more of herself inside of Ranma.

And she kept on spanking Ranma as she did so. Ranma didn’t want to describe just how that made her feel, the way that the hand landing on her ass again and again made all sorts of things tingle inside of her.

Though she couldn’t quite tell what she was feeling as a result of getting spanked and what she was feeling from getting fucked in the ass. It really was hard to tell and Ranma could only moan lewdly as she felt her rear swallowing the cock over and over again as she got taken.

“Oh yeah,” Akane moaned as she kept on hammering away at Ranma’s hole. “If people knew how much fun it is to fuck you, they’d never leave you alone, Ranma.” She slapped the redhead’s ass and got another slutty moan from Ranma that she wasn’t able to stop. “They’d want to do this all the time, take you in every single way.”

Ranma gasped again, burying her face into the pillow as she tried to stifle all of the sounds that were leaking from her mouth. It was just too much for her to deal with right now. She was just feeling far too fine as she got fucked, her ass screwed over and over again as the hard rod buried itself deep inside of her.

The orgasm rising inside of her wasn’t moving like a rocket. Not like the first two that Ranma had gotten. But it was still very, very clear to her that she was going to orgasm from getting her ass fucked. And that it would be an awfully good orgasm, too, one that she could really love and enjoy to bits. Ranma trembled and swallowed and felt Akane’s hips slamming against her again and again.

And most of all, she felt the hard cock burying itself deep inside of her as well. That was something that she could really feel, her body opening up in front of that cock and letting it move back and forth inside of her. Ranma whined some more as she kept on feeling it getting done to her.

The pleasure rose and rose and soon Ranma could tell that she was right on the edge of an orgasm. That there was no way for her to hold herself back and that she was going to cum right now. So rather than fight the wonderful pleasure, Ranma just let it happen.

And she really enjoyed what happened next. Ranma moaned, her eyes rolling up in her head as she felt the bliss pouring through her body. It was just so good. A bit different from what she had felt when it had been her pussy that had been making her cum but Ranma still wasn’t regretting any of this. She was still loving this all so much. It was just so damn good as she felt her body twitching and writhing in response to the bliss flowing through her.

“Are you cumming from this?” Akane asked, sounding kind of surprised. Then a hand landed on Ranma’s ass, making her squeal once again. “You slut.”

Ranma couldn’t deny that right now. She couldn’t agree with it, either. She couldn’t do much of anything except keep on cumming as she felt the heat flowing through her body, making her feel as good as she possibly could. She whined, twitching and shuddering at everything that she felt.

And even if Akane thought that she was a slut for cumming from getting fucked in the ass, she still kept on fucking Ranma’s ass. Still driving herself deep into Ranma over and over again. It kept on feeling so amazingly good and made Ranma tremble as she felt the bliss pouring through her head and making everything feel so fuzzy and so good. She could only softly pant and whine and gasp at it all as she was taken and spanked and groped.

Akane was breathing hard, Ranma could tell that even if she didn’t look over her shoulder to actually check it. How much longer was it going to be before Ranma felt her ass getting stuffed with cum, just like her pussy had been? What would that feel like to her? Ranma could think of some ideas and they all made her blush as she considered them.

And she kept on getting fucked. The cock continued to press itself deep inside of Ranma over and over again and she just kept on loving it all so much. She knew that she shouldn’t be liking it so much. Getting taken like this, even by Akane, who was by far the best person that she would like to have this happen with. Ranma blushed and buried her face in the pillow again as she kept on feeling herself getting taken.

Akane fucked Ranma for a bit more and then she made a load moaning sound. Ranma whimpered at that, knowing what it meant. And sure enough, she could feel that thick slab twitching inside of her, pulsing and- oh. Oh.

That was a lot of cum. That was a lot of cum. Surely it had to be less semen than had been pumped into Ranma’s pussy, right? But it sure didn’t feel that way. Ranma whimpered some more as she felt the hot jets of semen reaching so very deep inside of her, even deeper than Akane’s cock had managed to reach.

Ranma just couldn’t handle all of this. She could only whimper softly as she felt this happening. Felt this being done to her. She whined and gasped and whimpered as she felt herself getting filled up. First her pussy and now her ass.

A small part of Ranma’s mind whispered that at least it wasn’t her pussy and her ass at the same time. That if that sort of thing happened to her, then there was just no way that Ranma could have made it out the other side intact, not with how lustful and aroused she was right now. She just whined softly, her body shaking back and forth as she kept on feeling the semen flowing inside of her.

“Oh yeah,” Akane moaned happily, her hands still kneading Ranma’s ass, squeezing down on the large cheeks as she sighed happily. “Oh yeah, that’s the stuff, you slut. Yeah, that was nice.”

Ranma couldn’t muster any kind of response to that. She could only continue to pant as she lay there, feeling her body trembling and twitching from what had been done to her and how good it had made her feel. She panted heavily, her hips jerking a bit. And she wasn’t able to stop that, any more than she had been able to stop any of the many, many things that had been done to her by Akane. And that would probably continue to be done to her.

Even as that thought entered her mind, she felt Akane sliding her still-hard shaft out of Ranma’s rear. Ranma didn’t like the slutty moan she made at that, feeling the rod leaving her. But it did feel good and that wasn’t something that Ranma could deny. Not with the fire that was still burning inside of her, still spreading all through every single part of her body and making her feel absolutely amazing as she kept on needing more and more done to her.

There were only a few soft sounds behind her for a bit and eventually, Ranma mustered the nerve to look over her shoulder. Akane was cleaning her cock off. And she was still as hard as a rock and Ranma couldn’t help but think what it would be like to feel that thing inside of her pussy once again. It would be really nice, she had to admit. Really nice.

“Now,” Akane said, looking Ranma over and smiling as she ran a hand up along Ranma’s thigh, from her knee to just below her ass. Which she then spanked. “What more are we going to be doing with you, huh?”

Ranma tried to think of an answer to that question but she just couldn’t manage it. All she could do was swallow and shiver as she stared up at Akane, seeing the gleam in her eyes as she leered at Ranma’s ass.

Then Akane stepped forward and grabbed Ranma, flipping her back over once again. Ranma spread her legs, her body wanting to get fucked even if her mind was slightly more ambivalent about it. Akane saw that and a smirk crossed her face before she shook her head.

“I know that you’re a slut, Ranma,” Akane said, sitting down and straddling Ranma’s stomach once again. “But that doesn’t mean that I’m going to indulge you every single time you want something done to you. In fact, I think…”

Whatever she was planning to say, she trailed off as she stared down at Ranma’s breasts and smiled. It was a pretty pervy smile, too. She reached down and kneaded Ranma’s boobs once again and it felt just as good as it ever had before. Ranma moaned, her inner walls clenching down around nothing as she tried to get some of the pleasure and satisfaction that her body was demanding.

Akane scooted forward a bit and then rested her cock in between Ranma’s cleavage. Ranma didn’t want to comment on just how nice it looked there. Because it really did look very good there, the hard shaft brushing against the inner slope of her breasts. Ranma licked her lips and then looked up at Akane.

“You know what to do,” Akane said, stroking Ranma’s cheek. “I know that you’re a slut, Ranma, but I’m going to make sure that you’re my slut. That I can keep you from letting yourself be abused by all the perverts out there who would like to debase you and humiliate you.”

Ranma thought that there wasn’t a strict line separating that kind of person and Akane but she decided not to mention it. Instead, she did what Akane wanted her to do. She reached up and pressed her boobs around Akane’s shaft. They were big enough to do an awfully good job of it, too. Only the tip of Akane’s cock poking out, staring right at Ranma.

She swallowed hard and then started to lift her tits up and down as much as she could. That didn’t get all that much movement but Akane started to rock back and forth as well. She grunted softly as she did so, sliding her hips forward and drawing them back. That moved the cock a lot more and Ranma was well aware that this was the sort of thing that could eventually make Akane cum.

But could it make Ranma cum? That was what she was really interested in. That was what she needed to figure out, because there was this burning heat in Ranma’s core that demanded that she get at least one more orgasm. And probably a lot more after that. She shivered as she thought about just how many climaxes it might take to get her fully satisfied and content. One more? A dozen? More? Less?

Ranma had no idea but she knew that she had to at least try, because this furnace in her pussy wouldn’t allow anything else. And there was the question of if she could cum from this. Boobs looked great and felt great but surely they weren’t good enough to make a girl cum from using them, right? Though with how Ranma was feeling right now, anything might be possible and she would be very, very accepting of anything that let her cum.

And at least Akane was playing with Ranma’s breasts just as much as she was playing with her own. Ranma squeaked softly as she felt her boobs getting groped. Her nipples getting rubbed felt especially good and Ranma’s legs kicked at the bed as she felt herself continue to get turned on and aroused.

She had to take several deep breaths as she kept on giving Akane a titfuck. Staring down at the head of the cock as it kept on appearing, thrusting and thrusting and thrusting. It made Ranma shiver as she felt this happen to her, as she realized once again just what she must look like from the outside. How slutty and depraved she must be looking like as she let this all happen to her without making any attempt at all to stop any of it.

Ranma was just feeling to horny to want to stop any of it. This need inside of her, this burning, aching desire for her to get fucked, it was just too much and too good. She whimpered softly as she kept on doing everything that she could. Everything that she needed to do, feeling the wetness in her pussy as her body kept on demanding that she let herself cum. Ranma tossed her head back and forth, wishing that there was some way to get some kind of stimulation down there.

Some kind that would happen without her having to ask Akane to fuck her pussy, of course. Ranma had very, very few limits left by now but she was at least able to see that asking the other girl that would just be… Ranma had trouble figuring out how to put just how embarrassing that really would be but she knew that it would be pretty embarrassing.

And Akane seemed to really be enjoying herself as she kept on fucking Ranma’s cleavage. She was taking deep breaths as she kept on going, pounding away and making Ranma moan as she felt the hardness in between her tits, felt the pleasure that poured around her and filled her up to the brim. Ranma moaned once again, trying to express everything that she was feeling right now and not quite able to manage it.

There was just too much happening to her right now, Ranma was lost and willing to go along with anything that might be done to her. She moaned again and let herself continue to get fucked, continue to take so much pleasure in all of this and loving it all so very, very much.

Even if it could be better. Even if the thought of a cock entering her pussy made Ranma melt, if the thought sounded so good she didn’t care what else was done to her. Ranma bit her lip and stared up at Akane, seeing the expression on the other girl’s face as she kept on fondling Ranma’s boobs.

Ranma was so horny right now. So very horny. She could feel this heat bubbling inside of her, so hot and so good. If only she could… Ranma realized that she was very close right now. Very close to cumming from using her tits as a sex toy for another girl’s cock. That wasn’t something that she would ever have expected to go through but right now, it was obviously about to happen and feeling so good that she didn’t want anything else. An orgasm. An orgasm right now, from her boobs. It was going to happen, Ranma could tell that it was going to happen and it would be-

It was just as good as Ranma thought it would be. It was still an orgasm, after all. Ranma was still cumming and the fact that it was from her tits instead of her pussy just didn’t matter that much. Ranma was still orgasming and she was still loving it so much. She moaned happily as she bucked and writhed underneath Akane. She couldn’t throw Akane off of her, she couldn’t even stop Akane from fucking her tits but she could still enjoy this. She could still enjoy this so very much and it was just the best to get to feel something like this.

Ranma’s tits really did feel amazing right now. The sheer bliss that was pouring through her, what other words could possibly describe how she was feeling right now? Ranma just loved it, loved it, loved it. Loved it to bits as she felt this happening to her. She moaned, staring up at Akane as the other girl stared back down at her with this gleam in her eyes.

“Yeah,” Akane said in a tight voice as she kept on rocking back and forth. “Keep on looking like that. Fuck, these tits are just so soft. They feel so good!”

Akane’s voice rose at the last word and Ranma had a feeling she knew why. She swallowed hard and stared down at her breasts, knowing what she was about to see happen to her. And sure enough, Akane started to cum.

She mewled as she felt the cock pulsing in between her tits. Ranma had gotten familiar with this by now and she knew exactly what to expect. She watched as the shaft jerked inside of her cleavage and then started to paint the tops of her breasts with cum.

And not just her tits, either. Ranma softly gasped as she felt some of the cum landing on her face. She swallowed hard at that, blushing strongly as she felt herself getting marked in a very real way, a way that felt so very different from having her pussy and her ass getting stuffed with semen. She swallowed hard, feeling the seed running down along her skin before looking up at Akane.

Akane was panting for breath and her cock was finally going soft. Not very soft but anything other than a huge erection was noticeable. She smiled as she met Ranma’s eyes, stroking the side of her head.

“See, Ranma?” Akane asked, her voice still heated and still sending tingles through Ranma as she heard it. “You might be a slut but I’m going to make sure that you can have a way to work out all that lust that’s inside of you.” She looked down at Ranma’s boobs and smiled again. “I’ll make sure that you get everything that you need.”

“T-thank you, Akane,” Ranma said softly, her body still burning with a need that she knew only Akane could fulfill. “Please, do whatever it takes. I’m just so horny.” She reached past Akane’s body to rub at her pussy, feeling the slickness down there, the wonderful tingling. “Please, I still need it.”

“I know that you do, Ranma,” Akane said with a nod, her cock stiffening again right in front of Ranma’s eyes. “It’s just the kind of girl that you are, that you need this sort of thing. But don’t worry.” She gave Ranma’s boob a firm squeeze that made her whimper in pleasure. “I’m going to make sure that you get exactly what you need.”

Ranma liked the sound of that. She really, really liked the sound of that and nodded her head eagerly as Akane rose back up. She shivered as Akane ran her eyes up and down along Ranma’s body, taking it all in and smirking at everything that she was seeing. Ranma had a feeling that she could keep on doing this for hours and hours.

Was Akane going to be able to match that? Ranma sure hoped so, because who else could she possibly go to for help if Akane wasn’t able to give Ranma all of the sex and loving and fucking that her body was desperately demanding right now? There were some names on that list but Ranma still didn’t care much for it.

“Up against the wall,” Akane said, sliding off the bed. “No, against the door. I’m going to fuck you against the door.”

Ranma obeyed Akane’s orders, feeling the wetness coating her thighs that would have put the lie to anything else. She just did as she was told, pressing herself up against the bedroom door, her boobs pillowing up against the wood. Akane grabbed onto her from behind and Ranma shivered at the way the hands ran all over her, grabbing her ass and feeling her butt up. Ranma shuddered, knowing that she was about to get fucked really hard, once again.

And really looking forward to it. Se was looking forward to everything that Akane might do to her, actually. She needed more done to her. The heat burning in her belly just didn’t give her any other options. She was just so horny, so aroused, so needy that she had to give herself completely over to Akane and hope that the pleasure that she got to feel from this would eventually end up being enough.

Akane didn’t waste much time working Ranma over and getting her worked up. She just pressed her cock up against Ranma’s pussy and then slid in. Ranma whimpered softly as she felt herself getting fucked, feeling the shaft sliding inside of her. It was a really good feeling and Ranma could feel how her lower lips opened up easily in front of the shaft, letting the cock go deeper and deeper inside of her. It was just so amazing to get fucked. It was everything that Ranma’s body wanted and needed and she softly whimpered as she felt herself getting screwed, rocking back and forth.

“That’s right,” Akane said softly as she kept on thrusting, pounding into Ranma again and again. “I’m going to make sure that you can be a good girl, Ranma. No matter how often I need to fuck you to work out all that slutty lust inside of you.”

That was almost something like sweet. Not that Ranma could really respond to it one way or another. She could only moan softly as she kept on getting fucked, feeling the hard rod pounding away at her again and again as she got taken. It was just so nice to feel this. Akane right behind her, one hand on a hip and the other grabbing her boob, squeezing down on it. Ranma really, really loved this and it made her gasp some more as she kept on getting taken.

The lust was still hot and needy inside of Ranma, demanding that she give into it and that she let herself feel just as good as a girl should feel. That she do whatever it took, with whoever it took, to let herself cum. She just had to let this happen and it felt so wonderful and fulfilling to let herself get used. Used and used and used.

Ranma pushed back against Akane, though she was far too weak to actually do anything that mattered. She could only slightly change the angle that the cock was sliding in and out of her. And that was still enough, getting to feel the new way that the hard shaft rubbed against her inner walls and stirred her up. Ranma really, really loved that and she smiled softly as she felt herself getting taken.

This was all just going to be so good, wasn’t it? Ranma wondered just how many times she was going to cum tonight. How many times she was going to get pushed over the edge into the bliss of orgasm. How many loads of semen were going to be pumped into Ranma and smeared across her skin? How many times was Akane going to demonstrate just what she thought of Ranma?

That last thought warmed Ranma in a very different way from what she was currently feeling and Ranma could feel her cheeks blushing for a different reason than the heat burning inside of her. She trembled and blushed some more and then kept on moaning as she got fucked. It just felt so good to get fucked, to feel this cock hammering away at her as she was pressed up against the door.

Ranma had a feeling that when the night was over, when Akane’s cock finally couldn’t get hard again and Ranma wasn’t feeling the burning need inside of her pussy, there was just no way that she was going to be able to get back to her bed. She was going to be spending whatever was left of the night with Akane, curled up against her in her bed. And that was a thought that Ranma really did like, one that made her blush as she considered it.

And as she kept on getting fucked, there were just so many other things that she could look forward to. There was a guilty, lustful smile on her face as she considered that. And as her boobs got groped again, Aane’s hand moving over it and squeezing down on the fat orb. Ranma moaned again, panting happily as she felt herself getting taken so hard and so deep, again and again. This was just the best and the things that she was feeling right now, the heat was so intense inside of her that it made everything sound like a really good idea.

Just so long as she could keep on getting to cum. That was the important bit, the bit that really mattered. If she could keep on getting to feel this pleasure all through her body, it might finally be enough. It might finally let Ranma think of something other than how horny and turned on she was, let her think with her brain instead of her cunt.

Though thinking with her heart might also be acceptable. Ranma blushed a bit at that and glanced over her shoulder, up at Akane. Akane was still hammering away at Ranma’s pussy and breathing hard as she impaled Ranma’s pussy on her cock over and over again. The two of them were getting really close to one another and it was making Ranma feel really nice and warm inside.

There could be some really nice things waiting for the two of them soon, Ranma thought. Just as soon as they could both think clearly. And the only way to make that happen was to do some more of this.

Ranma thought that was a fine bargain.

It’s the picture that makes Kit finally admit the truth to himself. 

He and Joe have been fucking for months - well, two months, at least - and they haven’t labeled it or anything, but they’re together every chance they get, both in terms of just hanging out with each other and their friends, or naked together and having mutual orgasms, which is only for the two of them and does not involve the rest of their friends, no matter what the internet seems to think. 

But again, no labels. Just… hooking up. Friends with benefits.

Except, lately, Kit has been feeling kind of restless about that. He’s not sure restless is the right word; maybe it’s more… unsettled? Because, yeah, Joe is his best friend, and he never ever wants that to change, but it’s also starting to feel different. More like… boyfriends. But he’s never had a boyfriend before, really, so he doesn’t know exactly how that works. 

Sure there was her last year, but he’s pretty sure that’s not how a healthy relationship is actually supposed to work. And he’s pretty sure Joe wouldn’t behave like she did. Beyond that, there was that guy in secondary, but that didn’t last more than two months, which, in retrospect, thank goodness. Not to mix reality with fiction, but that guy was a little more Ben-like than Kit wanted to admit at the time.

This thing with him and Joe, though, it’s good. It’s so good. It’s fun, and easy, and silly, and safe, and he really really likes it. It’s also hot as hell. Every time they fuck it makes his brain spin in the best way, and he’s never come so hard, so consistently, in his life. Wanking has lost its appeal - he still does it, sure, because he’s 19 and horny, and he and Joe aren’t together every day (sadly) - but it’s way less satisfying than it used to be. 

Unless they’re wanking together, like they did earlier in the week, that is. Wow.  

Joe’s been in Sicily with his friends from home, and they’ve spent the time apart texting, and innocent flirting, and seeing how far they could push the innuendoes without being obvious (Rule Number One: Don’t Put Things In Writing You Don’t Want Your Gran To See In The Paper). They’d facetimed a couple of times, too, but Joe was living his best, drunkest, luggage-free life (BA was going to owe him free baggage allowances for life after this) with his friends, and the signal wasn’t always great, so they’d… had to settle.

A couple of days ago, though, they had a great wifi connection at the AirBnB and Joe had pleaded exhaustion from a day at the beach, so he’d stayed back while everyone else went into town for dinner and… Joe had said debauchery, but Kit thinks he was kidding about that… probably just clubbing. The point is, Joe had the place to himself, had a solid wifi signal, and he and Kit… well. Kit had never managed to talk dirty like that with anyone else, but something about Joe made it easy. 

And there it is again. Whatever is happening between them, it’s easy.

Joe had been flirty, and Kit had flirted back, and they’d stripped naked, and dear God, Joe had a tan - or at least as much of a tan as a pale white boy from the Isle of Man could get, which was a damn sight more tan than Kit “Kit Connor Wear Sunscreen” Connor and his stupid complexion that burned boiled-lobster red after fifteen minutes in the sun. Kit had almost bitten off his own tongue when he’d seen the tan lines, and Joe had teased and offered to show him all the lines, which he did, and the next thing Kit knew, he was offering to lick his way along every single one of them. 

Joe’s friends had come back unexpectedly early, and Joe’s eyes had widened as he’d had to suddenly swallow the noises he’d been making. Kit didn’t think he’d ever forget the look on Joe’s face as his eyes had gone from hooded and dark to wide and slightly panicked, and Kit had whispered “Oh, baby, you better come for me before they catch you.” Joe had gasped and Kit had smirked and flicked his tongue out, licking his lips. Joe groaned softly and stripped his cock faster, his body taut with need. Kit said he wanted Joe to come on his face, and Joe absolutely would have had they been in the same room. Instead he had shuddered and gasped, fighting back a scream as he came spectacularly over his hand. 

Just watching it was enough to send Kit over the edge himself. A few hard, quick strokes later and he was groaning his pleasure over the phone, careful not to be too loud - they hadn’t bothered with ear buds. 

Kit’s dick was still recovering. 

They’d cleaned up and stayed on the line, talking softly until they’d drifted off. 

The next day, Kit had woken up to a text from Lucy with the picture. Joe, his curls kind of flat (but looking amazing), wearing a white t-shirt. He’s clearly sitting at a table and Kit thinks maybe it’s Lucy next to him, but the girl is cut off, so he can’t be sure, but that’s not what made Kit’s heart stutter and then thump in his chest. It’s the look on Joe’s face, the relaxed grin, the sparkle in his eyes. And yeah, the stubble on his jaw is fucking hot as hell and Kit wants Joe to rub his inner thighs raw with it, but it’s the smile.

He realized he wants Joe to smile at him like that. He hasn’t been able to get it out of his mind since; it’s killing him.

So yeah, this is really starting to feel like more than fuck buddies.

He has a key to Joe’s flat, for God’s sake, and he pretty much comes and goes (and comes) at will. It’s a great setup. He’s been in and out while Joe has been gone, sleeping in Joe’s bed on occasion, breathing in the scent he left behind and curling up with Joe’s pillow, even though he’d rather die than admit that. 

He’s there now, waiting for Joe, who’s due back from Sicily later this afternoon. Kit just hopes Joe will be happy to see him - he thinks he will, but Kit knows that travel is exhausting and Joe might just want to take a shower, put on pajamas, and pass out in his own bed for a while. 

If that’s the case, it’s fine. Kit just hopes he can maybe cuddle him while he sleeps.

He putters around the flat for a while, tidying up the mess he’s made while Joe has been gone. He runs a quick load of his laundry, cleans the bathroom, hoovers the living room and bedroom. Look, he’s 19, and he has money, but his mum didn’t raise him to be a slob, and he doesn’t want Joe to come home to a disaster made by his… best friend fuck buddy best friend with benefits boyfriend whatever they are. That’s not the impression he wants to make. 

He contemplates changing the sheets. They were clean when Joe left, but Kit has been sleeping over quite a bit, so they’re maybe a little grimy, but they’re not, like, crusty, because Kit isn’t disgusting. He’s hoping they might end up gross later, though, so he decides to leave them and just straighten everything up neatly. No sense in having to wash two sets of linens, after all. 

Joe finally texts that his flight has landed and they’re on the way through security. Kit figures he has slightly less than an hour, and swallows past the knot of nerves that suddenly makes itself known in his throat. He really, really wants this to go well. 

He takes a quick shower to clean off the sweat and grimy feeling he’d developed from the cleaning, towels off, then slips into the gym shorts he’d been wearing the first time he and Joe had hooked up. He texts back that he’s at the flat, and Joe responds with a smiley face and an “I missed you,” so that’s definitely a good sign. 

About ten minutes before Joe is due, he rolls out his gym mat and does some crunches - enough to work up just a bit of a sweat and to make his abs pop a little. He’s not stupid, he knows Joe gets distracted by the muscles and likes it when Kit tastes a tiny bit salty and smells just the littlest bit musky. 

When Joe finally walks in, Kit’s in the kitchen, leaning against the bar, abs on display. His entire torso is on display, really, but the abs are the focus. Okay, fine, he’s flexing his biceps a little, too. He’s also staring “nonchalantly” at his phone, but really, he’s looking at that damn picture, at the glint in Joe’s eyes. He’s half hard just from looking at it, and when Joe walks in and says, “Kit?” he shudders and his cock twitches. 

“In here!” he responds, and he hears Joe’s bag thud to the ground in the living room. He locks his phone and puts it on the counter, then leans back on his elbows.

Joe walks in, grinning. “Hey- oh.”  

He inhales sharply at the sight of Kit, slightly sweaty, on display, his cock tenting the gym shorts he’d been wearing that night.

Kit smirks. “Hi there.”

Joe’s eyes go a little unfocused as they trail down Kit’s body, and he lets out a soft whine when he gets to the shorts. He swallows and his eyes snap back up.

“Well, hi,” he says. 

The corners of his mouth curl into a teasing grin as he crosses the room. He steps close, crowding Kit against the counter, and slides his arms over Kit’s shoulders. Kit feels his smirk turn to a genuine smile and he shifts his weight so he can slide his hands to Joe’s hips, holding him carefully.

“Did you miss me?” Joe asks in a murmur.

Kit squeezes his hips. “You know I did. Did… did you miss me?” 

He tries to keep up the teasing tone, but he thinks a bit of vulnerability might have slipped through there. Shit. Sure enough, Joe’s eyes widen and his expression changes to something genuine.

“You know I did.” 

Joe leans in, and Kit meets him halfway. Their lips press together, and it’s messy and uncoordinated; they’re both smiling into it, and Joe lets out a breathy giggle while Kit huffs a laugh at how ridiculous they’re being. Joe slides his hands into the hair at the nape of Kit’s neck and scratches his scalp gently, and Kit wraps his arms around Joe’s waist and slides a hand up his back, bringing it to rest between his shoulder blades. He tilts his head and parts his lips, and the kiss deepens. Joe’s tongue teases his, and he responds, licking into Joe’s mouth, sucking on his lower lip and biting down gently.

He’s almost completely hard by the time they finally separate, and Joe groans softly as he shifts his hips against Kit’s.

“Mmmmm, this is quite the welcome home,” Joe murmurs.

Kit blushes slightly. “I… is it… I wasn’t sure…” he stammers.

Joe looks up at him and smiles. “I like it,” he says.

He slides a hand from behind Kit’s neck, thumbing over his collarbone carefully. Kit shivers, goosebumps breaking out on his skin as Joe slips his hand lower, flicking his thumb over Kit’s nipple, then circling it with his fingertips, teasing it to hardness. Kit gasps at the shot of lust that zings through him and his cock twitches. Joe stares up at him through his lashes, and Kit swallows. Joe’s eyes are hooded, dark, the stormy blue blown out by his pupils so that only a thin ring of color remains. Kit knows his face is flushed and the rest of him probably is, too, it’s just how it works. He leans down and catches Joe’s mouth in a searing kiss, groaning as Joe opens to him immediately. Their tongues slide together and Joe slips his hand down further, tracing teasingly over Kit’s abs, down, down, down until he catches Kit’s cock in his hand.

Kit gasps and breaks the kiss; his head falls back and he shudders, pressing into Joe’s hand.

“Fuck, Joe,” he groans.

Joe strokes him gently, teasingly, through the silky material of the gym shorts and presses his lips to the juncture where Kit’s neck meets his shoulder. He smiles; Kit feels it against his skin, feels the slight press of teeth there, and shivers.

“You like that, sweetheart?” Joe asks softly.

“Feels so good,” Kit murmurs. “Want you to feel good, too.”

He slips a hand between them, pressing it against the outline of Joe’s cock through the joggers he wore on the plane. Joe whimpers and bites down carefully on Kit’s neck as his hips twitch and his cock throbs against Kit’s palm. 

“Jesus fuck,” Joe whispers. “It’s been too long.”

Kit smiles and presses a kiss to Joe’s temple. “It’s been ten days.”

Joe pulls his head up and arches an eyebrow. “Like I said, it’s been too long.”

Kit leaves his hand where it is, tracing over the length of Joe’s dick through the joggers, teasing gently.

“What do you want?” he asks.

Joe swallows. “You.”

Kit smiles. He presses a little harder, sliding his palm over Joe’s cock, and Joe groans. Kit ducks his head and kisses the tip of Joe’s nose, across his cheekbone, to his ear. He nibbles on Joe’s earlobe, snapping at it with his teeth, and Joe gasps and shivers, arching his hips into Kit’s touch.

“I want to do everything I promised you the other night on facetime,” Kit murmurs into Joe’s ear. 

Joe’s free hand tightens on the nape of Kit’s neck, his fingers digging into his trapezius. Kit moves his hand off Joe’s cock, and when Joe protests with a whimper, he pulls Joe’s hips to his and grinds, and Joe cries out wordlessly at the feel of Kit’s cock pressing against his. 

“Fuck,” he hisses. “I… fuck yes. Need a shower first, though.”

He pulls back and he’s blushing slightly, but Kit just nods. 

“Go on, then,” he says. “I’ll be in bed?”

Joe grins and nods, and scampers off to the bedroom and the en suite. Kit waits, collecting himself and the bits of his sanity that are scattered all over Joe’s kitchen counter. He presses a palm to the base of his dick, squeezing his eyes shut and breathing deeply to bring himself back from the edge. He’d promised Joe a lot the other night, and he intends to make good on as much of it as he possibly can. 

—

When Joe steps out of the bathroom, Kit’s sitting on the bed, leaning against the headboard, idly stroking his dick through the shorts. He’d thought about being naked, but he kind of wanted Joe to strip him, so he left them on. Joe’s hair is damp - he’d clearly squeezed most of the water out - and he’s mostly dried off, and he’s wearing nothing but a towel slung around his hips. Kit lets himself ogle the other boy, because fuck he’s beautiful, and he sees Joe’s cock twitch under the towel. Joe ogles him, too (it’s only fair), and bites his lip at the sight of Kit’s hand tracing over his length. Kit thinks he hears a slight moan, but he can’t be sure.

Kit shuffles to the edge of the bed and slides to his knees as Joe walks close. Just like in the kitchen, Joe slips his arms around Kit’s neck and Kit wraps his arms around Joe’s waist. Kit pulls him close and can’t help thinking that it feels right for the two of them to be like this. This time, Joe is just the slightest bit taller and Kit is the one who has to lean up for the kiss, but it’s worth it. It starts with a soft brush of lips, a gentle flick of Joe’s tongue against his, Joe’s sigh being swallowed by Kit, their soft whispered “hi”s as they separate.

Kit shifts his hands, holding Joe’s hips gently. He runs his thumbs carefully under the edge of the towel, tracing carefully over Joe’s v-line. He can see Joe’s cock lengthening under the fabric, twitching as it rises, and Kit flicks his eyes up to Joe’s. Joe nods, and Kit unhooks the towel, letting it fall away with a soft thump on the floor. Kit watches his hand slide down and take careful hold of Joe’s cock; he wraps his fingers around the length, stroking gently. Joe moans and thrusts shallowly into Kit’s hand; Kit flicks his thumb over the tip and swallows Joe’s needy gasp with a desperate kiss.

He groans and slides his lips down, nibbling along the ridge of Joe’s jaw, that gorgeous, sharp cut of bone that he’s seen appear over the last two years as they’ve both grown up. It never fails to make his insides twist deliciously, and now he gets to be the one to kiss it? To taste the skin there, to feel the brush of stubble against his lips? Kit could spend hours here. Maybe someday he will, but he has a promise to keep. 

He shifts his focus, pressing his lips down the side of Joe’s neck, making the other boy shiver as he trails his hand over Joe’s cock, gently; he’s not rushing to the finish line, here.

“Fuck, Kit,” Joe moans. “You’re killing me.”

Kit smiles against Joe’s skin, nudging his head slightly to the side so he has better access to the space between shoulder and neck, where the first tan line appears.

“I promised to trace all your tan lines with my mouth, didn’t I?” Kit murmurs. He flicks his tongue against Joe’s skin where the sun-kissed bit meets the pale expanse that had been covered by a shirt.

Joe moans and his hands fly up to Kit’s head, raking his fingers through Kit’s hair and tugging, pressing him close. Kit laughs and darts his tongue out again, tracing down to Joe’s collarbone. He bites down carefully and Joe gasps Kit’s name, rutting his hips harder into the loose fist of Kit’s hand around his cock.

“Please,” he whines.

Kit grins and presses a gentle kiss to the bite marks on Joe’s clavicle, then looks up and smirks. “Well,” he says, his voice wicked and wanting, “a promise is a promise.”

He pulls his hand off Joe’s cock, and Joe whines for a split-second, but then Kit’s arms are around his waist, pulling him in tight. Kit catches a glimpse of shocked blue eyes as he leans back, pulling Joe down with him, and then he flips them, landing Joe on his back on the bed, with Kit hovering over him. Joe gasps as he bounces slightly, and then laughs.

And, oh, that smile. It’s so close. Open, happy, surprised, and almost everything Kit wants to see.

He’ll take it for now.

“Kit!” Joe yelps, and he reaches up, tugging Kit down close and kissing him. 

Kit laughs into the kiss, and then Joe deepens it, and suddenly it’s still fun, but it’s not funny. Their tongues are darting against each other, sliding and twisting, and Joe’s biting down on his lip and he’s pulling Joe’s mouth against his, and oh fuck, he really thinks he could just kiss Joe Locke forever.

But he has a promise to keep.

He pulls back, smiling, and Joe stares up at him. He’s grinning, and his eyes are sparkling with mischief. 

“Well? Get on with it, then,” he teases.

Kit rolls his eyes, then shifts down slightly, starting back where he’d left off at Joe’s collarbone. He nibbles and licks his way across, and as he does, he lets his free hand splay over Joe’s abs, tracing the skin carefully. He keeps his hips off of Joe’s; they’re both hard, and he wants to drag this out, to pull them both to the edge as slowly as he can before they crash over together. 

The idea of worship floats through his mind, but then Joe pulls his hair and he gasps and Kit bites down where Joe’s clavicle meets his shoulder. Joe groans and Kit soothes the sting with a wet kiss, murmuring apologies.

“Don’t you dare be sorry,” Joe whispers. “Feels so good, Kit, don’t stop.”

Kit dots quick kisses down the top of Joe’s arm, then stops halfway down his bicep where the tan line is. He licks along the line of demarcation, and Joe whimpers and shifts under him, his hips pressing up, seeking friction. Kit slots a thigh between Joe’s. 

“You can grind against me if you need to,” he whispers–

Joe’s hips arch up and he cries out as the bare skin of his cock presses into the smooth, silky feel of the gym shorts Kit’s still wearing–

“But don’t you dare come yet, sweetheart,” he finishes.

Joe groans as he grinds against Kit’s thigh, and Kit smiles, biting gently on the skin of Joe’s bicep. He grits his teeth against the pleasure that rocks through him as Joe ruts against him, the drag of Joe’s cock against his thigh giving him some much-needed friction against his own dick. He sucks a bruise on the inside of Joe’s arm, and Joe whimpers. Kit pulls back and examines his handiwork, grinning wickedly.

“Fuck you look good with my teethmarks on your skin,” he murmurs.

Joe shudders under him. Kit pulls back even further and lets his gaze trail over Joe’s body, trying to decide what he wants to do next. Joe is restless under him; he’s stopped grinding for a moment, but he’s still shifty, and Kit lets himself look all the way down. He groans and almost gives in.

“Fuck, look at you,” he says softly. 

He slides his hand from Joe’s abs to his cock where it’s jutting up between his thighs, hard and red and leaking against his stomach. He traces the shaft gently with a fingertip and Joe moans. His face is contorted with pleasure, his eyes screwed shut and his lower lip bitten red.

“You’re so fucking beautiful, Joe.”

“Want you, Kit,” Joe gasps. “Please… please…”  

“I haven’t finished keeping my promise yet, baby,” Kit whispers. He strokes Joe’s cock teasingly, barely enough friction to satisfy, just enough to torment.

Joe shudders as he breathes, and Kit grins. 

“Fucking hell,” Joe whimpers, “you’re a tease, Kit Connor.”

Kit hums agreeably and smiles at the other boy. “Don’t you forget it, Joseph.”

He adjusts his position slightly, leans down, and latches onto Joe’s nipple, suckling, flicking his tongue over the nub. Joe cries out at the sensation, his back arching as his hand in Kit’s hair tightens, tugging him close.

“Fucking hell,” he gasps. “Feels so fucking good, don’t stop, don’t stop…”

Kit groans at Joe’s reaction - the other boy is so fucking responsive and the desperation is building, but Kit wants more. He shifts again, tightening his hold on Joe’s cock just a bit and Joe thrusts into his hand. He flicks his thumb over the leaking tip and bites down carefully on Joe’s nipple and Joe’s reaction… Christ. He arches into Kit’s mouth, his hips curl and he fucks his cock into Kit’s fist and his leg twitches and falls open, giving Kit more room to settle. 

“Jesus, Joe,” he moans. 

He slides his mouth across Joe’s chest, to his other nipple, and lavishes it with the same attention. Joe gasps and squirms under him, whining as his body begs for more. Kit groans and gives in; it just feels too fucking good to press against Joe, so he does. He presses his hips forward, fucking his cock next to Joe’s and the feel of them pressed close with nothing but silky, well-worn, dri-fit between them is enough to make him gasp with need. He’d managed to shove aside his own desperation while he focused on pleasuring Joe, but suddenly it comes roaring back, and Kit’s skin tightens. He thinks he’s going to go up in flames.

“Christ, you feel good,” he whispers.

He leans down and suckles Joe’s nipple again, and they rock together, Joe whimpering and gasping into the air around them while Kit moans against his skin. It’s so good, so hot, and Kit’s belly twists with need. He fights it down, fights the urge to race to the finish.

“Fuck,” Joe gasps, “Kit, fuck, help, please, I’m so hard for you, I need to… I need…” he fades into a broken whine.

Kit bites down gently and then pulls off. He gasps for breath, resting his forehead on Joe’s sternum.

“What do you need, baby?” he whispers.

“Wanna come, Kit,” Joe whines.

Kit snaps his head up and looks at Joe. Joe’s eyes are wild, blown out, his skin is flushed and he’s biting his lip. His hands are feathering absently through Kit’s hair, tugging gently, flexing and releasing. He looks gorgeous, and Kit almost - almost -  gives in. Christ, he really fucking wants to. Wants to just reach down and strip Joe’s cock hard and fast, let him come into his hand while he screams with pleasure. Wants to let Joe do the same to him. 

They’re not quite there yet, though. 

He lets his hips down, pressing his dick against Joe’s, and Joe groans under him. 

“Fuck,” he whispers, “please.”

Kit lets his weight pin Joe’s hips down and he grinds. The broken cry that rips out of Joe’s throat is the best thing Kit’s ever heard.

“Not. Yet.” he growls.

Joe shudders under him. “Please,” he whispers.

“Not done worshiping you yet, beautiful,” Kit whispers. 

Joe gasps and fucks his hips up against Kit’s. “Oh my God,” he mutters.

Kit lays a line of wet kisses down the center of Joe’s torso. “Gonna kiss all those pretty tan lines on your skin, gorgeous,” he murmurs, “and then I’m gonna suck your pretty cock, lick up all that precum you’re dripping–”

Joe arches as Kit nibbles his v-line, whimpering soft pleas that Kit can’t even make out. Kit scrapes his teeth down the jut of Joe’s hipbone and then licks along the line he left behind.

“Want to open you up on my fingers while I do it, too–”

Joe shudders and whimpers under him. “Jesus fuck,” he whispers, and the words drift into the air around them.

“--and then I wanna fuck you until you scream.”

Joe’s jaw drops as he gasps, and his abs clench. Kit pulls back and presses his hips down with his hands, pinning him to the mattress. Joe cries out in frustration.

“I won’t last for all that,” he gasps. “Want it so bad, but I won’t last, Kit.”

Kit smiles sweetly at him.

“Yes you will,” he says simply.

He leans down and licks a teasing stripe up the shaft of Joe’s cock.

“Holy fuck, Kit,” Joe yelps.

Kit grins and laps up the precum that’s dripped onto Joe’s stomach, then licks his way down the shaft again. Joe groans and squirms and Kit holds him in place, pinned down by his hips. 

“Ohmygod,” Joe gasps. 

“You taste so fucking good already, Joe,” Kit moans. 

He bites his way along Joe’s other hip while he reaches out, blindly fumbling for the tube of lube and the condom he’d stashed under the pillows. He manages to grab that and shoves the pillow at Joe. He pulls back, resting on his knees while Joe adjusts the pillow under his hips. Once he’s comfortable, Joe smiles and reaches for him.

“Take off those shorts, Kit,” he murmurs. 

Kit grins and leans down, licking into Joe’s mouth. “Take them off for me,” he whispers back. 

Joe huffs a laugh into his mouth, and Kit swallows it while Joe’s hands trail down his back. They slip under the waistband of the shorts, and he groans against Kit’s lips when he realizes Kit isn’t wearing anything under them - and really, he shouldn’t be surprised by that. He knows better than anyone that Kit sleeps commando. He squeezes Kit’s arse, and Kit’s hips jerk under the pressure. Joe slides them down and Kit shuffles, kicking them off to the side of the bed. He pulls back from the kiss, back up onto his haunches, and lets Joe look his fill.

Joe inhales shakily, tracing down Kit’s body with his fingertips, all the way down to where his cock is heavy between his legs, hard and aching for the boy below him. Kit swallows as Joe teases him, fisting over his length carefully, swiping across the leaking slit. He shivers against the feel, his hips thrusting lightly, helplessly, into Joe’s hand.

“Oh fuck,” Joe whispers, “you want this, too, don’t you?”

Kit moans and stares down at Joe as he works his hips in counterpoint to the movement of Joe’s hand. “You know I do,” he says quietly. “Missed you so much, sweetheart.”

Joe’s hand trembles around Kit’s cock, and his eyes widen slightly. And maybe that’s a little too much truth for what they’re about to do, but there’s nothing for it, now, it’s already out there. Kit swallows and holds Joe’s gaze, breathing shakily as Joe pumps him again.

“I missed you, too, Kit,” he finally says. 

Kit smiles, and he knows it’s too sweet, too honest for the absolute filth he has in mind, but it’s also a moment of vulnerability between them that he didn’t expect and won’t take for granted. He leans over Joe and kisses him deeply, moaning into his mouth as Joe keeps stroking him. 

“Want you so bad, Joe,” he whispers.

Joe bites down on his lip and Kit gasps. 

“Give me everything you promised,” Joe whispers back.

Kit shivers and pulls away, sliding down Joe’s body until his head is between his thighs and his breath is teasing, gusting gently against Joe’s cock. Joe groans and weaves his fingers in Kit’s hair, tugging gently. Kit presses his lips to the tip of Joe’s cock, flicking his tongue into the slit and Joe arches. He flips open the cap on the lube and squirts some onto his fingers, giving it a moment to warm up. Joe shudders and pulls his legs up so his feet are flat on the bed and he’s open and exposed to Kit’s touch. 

Kit groans. “Christ, you’re so fucking gorgeous.”

Another flick of his tongue, and Kit strokes the pad of his index finger across Joe’s hole. Joe shivers and whispers a soft, “oh fuck yes,” as Kit presses again, just teasing, tracing his fingertip over the puckered skin there. He takes just the tip of Joe’s cock between his lips, sucking lightly, laving it with his tongue, and Joe gasps, rocking his hips. The movement presses his entrance against Kit’s finger, just like he’d hoped, and he presses barely inside.

Joe hisses and tugs Kit’s hair. “Please,” he begs softly. “Kit, please.”

Kit smirks and moans and Joe rocks his hips again, and that’s it - Kit presses his finger up when Joe rocks down against it, and slides his lips down when Joe fucks up towards his mouth, and the absolutely filthy groan that punches out of Joe’s chest is worth the wait.

“Oh my God, Kit,” he gasps, “more… more…”

Kit grins and complies. He fucks Joe with a finger while he licks down the length of that gorgeous, gorgeous cock, and he groans against it when Joe’s hips work with him. It’s not long before Joe is whining and pulling Kit’s hair, begging for even more. He has to pause for more lube on a second finger, and Joe shivers under him the whole time. It’s the hottest thing Kit has ever seen in his life, and he wants to see it forever. 

He presses both fingers in and swallows Joe down and Joe whines and yelps under him. Kit groans and holds himself still, swallowing around Joe’s cock while he curls his fingers. Joe’s hands clench around his skull and he sobs a broken cry as Kit brushes his prostate. Kit does it again, and Joe shudders.

“Oh fuck,” he gasps, “feels so fucking good, Kit, please… I’m gonna come, please,” he babbles. 

Kit pulls off Joe’s cock, gasping.

“Don’t you dare,” he rumbles.

Joe groans and gapes up at him. His eyes are totally blown out, just a thin line of blue around the black pupil, and they’re wild, glassy and hungry and so, so desperate. 

He’s gorgeous.

“Please,” he whispers.

Kit shakes his head no even as he taps the pad of his middle finger against Joe’s prostate. Joe shudders and whines.

“Need you in me,” he whispers. 

Kit squeezes his eyes closed against the roll of heat down his spine. He pulls his fingers out carefully and gets yet more lube, then presses back into Joe’s heat with three fingers this time. Joe gasps and arches and Kit freezes.

“You okay?”

Joe nods. “Yeah… fuck… yes. Just… feels so good, Kit. Need you.”

Kit groans and leans down to kiss Joe. Joe arches to meet him as Kit works him open. There’s not much finesse to it; they’re both desperate now, aching, and Kit isn’t sure how much longer either of them can hold on. He’s been able to stave it off by focusing on Joe, but now, watching Joe come undone under him, from his touch and his mouth… it’s starting to unravel him, too. He needs to be inside Joe. 

He stretches his fingers, twisting them, spreading and curling them inside him until Joe groans and shudders and breaks the kiss.

“Fuck me,” he whispers. “Need your cock, Kit, hurry.”

Kit shudders and gasps into the space between them, reaching for the condom. He hands it to Joe, who opens it and rolls it down Kit’s length, stroking him. Kit groans and fucks his fingers into Joe one more time.

It’s worth it for the way Joe gasps and cries out Kit’s name in a broken whine. It’s worth it for the way he clenches around Kit’s fingers.

Kit wants it on his cock.

He pulls his hand away gently, and reaches for the lube, slicking his length. He drizzles more over Joe’s hole, and then lines himself up.

Joe looks up at him and nods.

Kit presses forward and in, and oh fuck, Joe’s heat engulfs him almost immediately. Kit’s done this before, obviously, but this time, somehow, it feels different. Maybe it’s because they’re both already so close to the edge, maybe it’s the fact that they haven’t fucked in almost two weeks, maybe it’s the way Joe is staring blindly up at him, but sweet fucking Jesus, this is so, so good. He presses forward until he’s bottomed out and then he holds there, shuddering, resting his weight on his hands as he hovers over Joe’s body. 

“Holy fuck, Kit,” Joe moans. “You feel so fucking good, baby.”

Kit bites back a whimper, but a garbled noise escapes his throat anyway. “Fuck, Joe,” he gasps, “you’re so fucking tight, feels so good, God.”  

He doesn’t mean to, but his hips rock slightly, grinding his cock further into Joe, and Joe shudders.

“Sor-” he starts to whisper, but Joe cuts him off with a punched out, “Fuck me, Kit.”

Kit whines, and moves, and fuck. It’s so good. It’s so good. He snaps his hips forward, and Joe curls his up to take him deep, and he slides back and the friction of Joe’s body clenching around him makes his eyes nearly cross. They build up a rhythm, their bodies working together as they finally start to rush to the edge of that cliff that Kit’s been dragging them towards this whole time. He leans in, kissing along Joe’s neck as he fucks steadily into his arse, and Joe groans, pressing his head back into the pillow as his hips move, taking Kit as deep as he can.

“Christ, Kit, you feel so good, God,” Joe murmurs. “Fuck me, baby, that’s it,” he whispers.

Kit groans, biting down carefully on Joe’s neck. The tension in his spine and his belly is building, twisting, and he’s not sure how much longer he can hold back. Joe feels so fucking good around him, hot and tight, and Kit’s been just as on edge as Joe. He shifts the angle of his hips slightly, hoping…. He knows he gets it right when Joe yelps and tightens around him.

“Jesus fuck, yes,” he cries out, “Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, Kit, don’t stop, don’t stop,” he begs.

His hips snap up against Kit’s thrusts and Kit groans into Joe’s neck.

 “I’m close, baby,” he mutters.

Joe hisses and clenches his jaw. “Fuck, me too,” he moans. “Feels so good, Kit, fuck me, make me come for you, please, wanna come on your cock.”

Kit gasps and shifts, sliding a hand between their bodies. He can’t hold on much longer and he needs to make Joe come. He wraps his hand around Joe’s cock, and Joe shudders, a broken “yessss” hissing from between his teeth. Kit jerks him as he fucks deep and Joe’s body tenses, tightens; they’re both so fucking close.

“Gonna come, Kit,” Joe whimpers.

“Fuck yes,” Kit moans. “Do it, Joe, come for me, baby.” 

Joe gasps as Kit strips his cock, and he whines high in his throat, biting it between his teeth. Kit groans and shudders and his cock brushes Joe’s prostate, and that’s it. The whine turns into a yelp, turns into a scream, and Joe comes, hard, his cock spurting over Kit’s hand and onto his belly and Kit’s both. 

“Fuck fuck fuck,” he cries out, “Kit, fuck yes, fuck, baby, yes.”

Kit gasps and groans as Joe clenches around him. He fucks deep, grinding into Joe, needing more, more, more, and Joe cries out around him as Kit drives into his prostate and then it’s nothing but white across his vision and static in his ears as he buries his face in Joe’s shoulder and screams his pleasure into his skin. His cock flexes and pulses as he comes into the condom and he shudders helplessly, his hips fucking and grinding as the heat roars through him. Joe is under him, around him, holding him tight and coming right along with him, Kit’s name falling from his lips in broken cries, and Kit clings tight as it pulls them under. He sinks his teeth into Joe’s shoulder, groaning his name.

It’s wild, uncontrollable; it’s heat and need and lust and desperation and love–

Kit groans as that realization hits him, because oh God, fuck, he’s in love with Joe, and he whimpers as the waves of their orgasms start to recede. Joe is gasping under him, and Kit moves to pull back, but Joe tightens his grip on Kit’s shoulders. 

“Not yet,” he whimpers.

Kit shudders and his hips twitch and he gasps at the sensation, the oversensitivity, and Joe groans softly, clenching around Kit and grinding his hips one last time before he shivers and relaxes, collapsing back into the mattress.

Kit whimpers softly and pulls out, holding the condom in place as he does. Joe is laying there, eyes closed, a dreamy smile on his lips, and Kit laughs softly, kissing him gently. He slides off the bed to dispose of the condom, then grabs the towel they’d left on the ground and wipes them both down carefully. Joe’s eyes flutter open, and he looks dazed, sated, utterly blissed out. Kit leans in and kisses him again, and Joe sighs into it. Their tongues slide together lazily as Joe tugs Kit over him.

Kit maneuvers himself to Joe’s other side so he doesn’t fall off the bed, and then pulls Joe into his arms.

“You okay?” he asks softly.

Joe giggles drunkenly. “Mmmmhmmm,” he says. “That… fuck, that was so good, Kit.”

Kit laughs softly. “Good,” he says.

Joe presses a kiss to Kit’s shoulder and sighs. He slips an arm over Kit’s waist, holding him close. Kit tightens his arms around him and presses a kiss to the crown of Joe’s head. He wants to say something, anything, but blurting out a love confession feels like it would just pressure Joe to say it back, and he doesn’t want that. He loves Joe - he’s in love with Joe, he knows that now, but he doesn’t want a forced response. He’s content with what they have for now.

He sighs, relaxing.

Joe looks up at him curiously. “What’s up?”

Kit leans in and kisses Joe tenderly, and Joe hums in surprise, but returns it eagerly. When they finally separate, Kit brushes kisses to Joe’s cheek, the tip of his nose, his forehead.

“I don’t want to do this with anyone else,” he whispers.

Joe’s eyes widen as Kit’s words register. He wriggles free of Kit’s hold and rolls over, raising himself over Kit and resting his weight on his arms, hovering. He searches Kit’s face, and Kit isn’t sure what he’s looking for, but he must see it, because his expression softens. He cups Kit’s cheek gently, tracing his thumb over Kit’s cheek. 

“I don’t want to do this with anyone else, either,” he whispers back.

He ducks down and kisses him deeply, but tenderly, and Kit pulls him in close as he returns it. Some of those new feelings break loose, Kit knows, but he can’t bring himself to care. They break apart slowly, kissing gently, and Kit lets his eyes flutter open after a long moment. 

Joe is there, watching him carefully, and whatever he sees in Kit’s expression soothes him. He smiles….

And oh, there it is. That’s the smile. That’s the smile.

Kit’s breath catches, and he dies a little inside, and then thinks he’s remade as he rolls them back into the rumpled sheets. They kiss lazily until Joe hums sleepily and nuzzles against him, and then Kit just holds him close while he naps.

Letting Riku into his room is the worst gamble Iori plays almost every night. Unfortunately, that addiction is far from saving.

There are many types of nights. Nights where Riku drags in his beanbag to silently read in Iori's room, silently minding his business as he engrossed himself in another thick book he bought (to which Iori can't scold him for, books are worthy purchases); nights where Riku walks in with a sorrow expression, seeking Iori's embrace for comfort; nights where he excitedly talks about a Trigger interview or a new book, lulling Iori to sleep with his sweet voice. Finally, there are nights when Iori gives or receives pleasure.

Those nights are usually enjoyed, except this particular one.

It's much more practical to finish schoolwork early, thus Iori scribbles away in his notebook right after dinner, the glow of his laptop illuminating his face and pyjamas. He allowed Riku in his room a while ago, although the latter came empty-handed. Iori shrugged it off, focusing on his work until something snuck through his legs.

It's a scene Iori doesn't need to recall, nor does he even want to  think  about it—because Riku is basically harassing him from under the desk.

Everyone is at home, and Riku is fully aware of this. Despite this fact, he makes it a competition among himself to see just how much he can distract Iori and get him to quit.

Iori's cock throbs in wet caverns, his pants bundled on the floor with Riku kneeling between legs, pink lips tight around the head, then moving forward, and back again, creating a steady rhythm of his head bobbing front to back, tongue running along the length of Iori's cock to get as much musky taste as possible. Riku's left hand daintily holds his cock, the pad of his thumb pressing against his balls.

It's as if the walls tighten in Iori's chest. "Take a break and come to bed," Riku would whine, and Iori was insistent on glueing himself to his seat. He still is, pleading for Riku to get tired as the equations on his paper jumble into nonsense. Whether it is a test of persistence, or Riku genuinely wants to be a little shit, Iori just can't see himself winning this battle.

One done, five more to go. Lengthy calculus problems are no match for Iori, but a finger strokes against his thigh, and he stifles a cough. The derivative of...

He covers his wanton moan with a hand. Iori looks down, eyebrows furrowing as Riku pulls away just slightly to lick off the precum dripping out of his cock. "Will you tone it down?!"

"Not until you leave your homework be! You have tomorrow to complete it!"

"But I don't see why you must persuade me like  this !"

"I can't help myself!"

He can't help himself,  he says, with the most inappropriate response.

Not a moment is wasted as Riku dives back in, engulfing the head of Iori's cock with his warm mouth. Iori's legs shake. Riku's tongue is  too good , a crime against his well-being. It pushes further, and Iori drops his pencil, clutching his fist while his other hand seals his mouth.

At this point, he's given up. Riku is way too good. Forfeit is a shameful option, but as his hips jerk forward to bury his cock in wet warmth, it may as well be for the best.

Besides, the way Riku moaned just now is admittedly  adorable .

Iori closes his book, accepting defeat. He drops his hand to Riku's head, grabbing a fistful of hair, yearning for that wet tongue glazing across his length, for soft lips wrapped around the circumference. His hips buck into Riku's mouth, plump thighs capturing his head, not allowing any abrupt escapes as Iori fucks into Riku's mouth without shame.

And Riku falters, hectic moans as he scrambles to maintain a proper rhythm. Vibrations rumble against Iori's cock, produced by one of Riku's many whines as Iori continues to thrust into his mouth.

Perhaps it is a night to enjoy now. Iori's lips curve upwards, hidden by his palm. Initially, Iori's control of Riku was only intended for their idol activities. But as time went on, there was a certain type of satisfaction from controlling him in bed—a satisfaction that exceeded any other.

It comes to the point where Riku can't bother to keep up, looking up at Iori with those manipulative puppy-dog eyes whenever Iori slows down. He grips Iori's thighs, stimulating him with his thumbs in circular motions, inching closer to his groin. It also comes to the point where Iori lets a louder moan escape from his lips.

He's losing control again. What a feisty monster.

Yet Iori is no newcomer to these experiences. He grips Riku's hair tighter, tugging on his locks with no mercy to spare before pushing his head deeper through his cock. Iori's other hand continues to suppress his mouth, though it bears no fruit for how  good  Riku's tongue is, no matter his level of control. He finds himself whispering for more through his hand as Riku hums for him to go faster.

Slick precum dribbles at a rapid pace, with Riku wasting not a single drop, lapping it up at every second while coating Iori's cock with his saliva. It's horrendously attractive, such a tongue. Iori loses his breath, heart skipping beats as he gets closer.

Not that he has any time to spare after, because he suppresses a sharp moan, and Iori curses everything in this moment: Riku's mouth, the fact that the dorm's walls aren't as thick as he needs them to be, the fact that Iori's damp palm has engraved teeth marks—and his eyes squeeze shut, hips bucking forward as he empties his seed into Riku's mouth. He also curses that.

Iori shoves Riku's head away, noticing his Adam's apple move instantly.  Great , he even swallowed it.

"So, was I of service to you?" Riku's smug grin pierces through Iori, mocking how his face heats up and his eyes avert its gaze to the side. As if wiping off his lips stained with cum isn't teasing Iori enough.

Iori groans, pushing his chair back to shuffle into his pants. "The opposite, as a matter of fact."

"Then that means I can keep going until you feel satisfied!"

"Absolutely not!"

Yet his words bear fruitless. Riku is already off the floor, climbing onto the bed so graciously. Iori can't see him, but his limbs are probably extended out, occupying the whole space while he hears a devilish giggle. Only a sigh can come out of Iori as he stares at his notebook, focusing on a squiggled 3...? 8? What does the aforementioned equation mean when his mind can only roll back to Riku?

As if Iori doesn't already feel out of the loop, Riku's long "Iori~" taunting him throws a brick at his head.

It's not like Iori is saying no, either. Why isn't he saying no?

Enough of the questions, however, because he gets up from his chair, legs moving on their own towards the ladder. Closer and closer, until he eventually feels Riku's breath near his lips. Ah, he  really  needs him.

Maybe homework can wait.

“vodka?”

 

“check.”

 

“handcuffs?”

 

“i thought jiwoong had them.”

 

“jiwoong already went off to blindfold the new pledges,” matthew tells hanbin, and hanbin sighs. he rummages around one of the numerous opened boxes splayed around the cluttered floor of their garage and pauses when his fingers graze over something cold and metal. the resulting clank of chains against each other when he tries to tug at the object buried deep underneath a variety of other props confirms his suspicions. hanbin’s face goes blank, and matthew inhales with a slight whistle. 

 

“shit,” hanbin mutters, and then, “well, we don’t need the newbies to be handcuffed when they come in anyway.” 

 

he’d actually rather avoid the restraints altogether. last year, one of the drunken fraternity seniors had lost the keys to several pairs of handcuffs, forcing twelve mostly naked pledges to be chained together on the rooftop of their house for hours, until they finally brought in a hacksaw to manually cut them apart one by one. hanbin’s pretty sure that at least half of them pissed on the roof during that time, a problem that he had left to be taken care of by any following spells of rain. 

 

(the keys were eventually found a couple days later in their supply of breakfast cereal thanks to a half-asleep taerae, who nearly broke a tooth trying to enjoy his midnight snack, and since then hanbin has remembered to thoroughly check that all of his brothers were completely sober before they participated in any hazing plans.)

 

“we’re already duct taping them together,” matthew reminds him. hanbin makes a mental note to text jiwoong not to tape over any nipples, but he doubts that his warning will be seen in time. he hopes that none of the incoming members of their fraternity are too hairy, for their own sakes, although a bit of duct tape waxing is far from the worst that he has seen in these hazing rituals. 

 

hanbin thinks back to his own experience as a new pledge in the zeta beta omega chapter on his campus, almost four years ago, when jeong jaehyun was still the fraternity president. the hazings then were far less regulated, although hanbin had been fortunate enough to receive a relatively easy initiation when he first joined as a freshman, naive and eager to please. in hindsight, running six miles through the woods at two in the morning and then being forced to guess which of his fellow brother’s socks were being shoved into his face, plus getting bitch slapped with said socks if he didn’t get the name right, was still gross and tortuous but ultimately harmless.

 

besides, that was little compared to some of the hazing stories that had been spread throughout the chapter over the years. at very least none of them had ever been fatal, as far as hanbin knew. the most serious incident he witnessed was during his sophomore year, when an ambulance had been called after a drinking challenge gone wrong with one too many shots forced down the throat of some poor kid, who later resigned. other accounts detailed faked kidnappings that held pledges hostage over the weekend and waterboardings in buckets of spit, expired milk, and other nasty fluids. 

 

hanbin made sure to rein things in once he took on the position of his fraternity chapter’s president. hazings were meant to be a tough experience for brothers to bond with each other, laced with sprinkles of suffering and humiliation in the moment, but inflicting actual trauma on any of his members was out of the question. it was a decision that made some of the older brothers grumble at hanbin’s leadership, since zeta beta omega had always been known for their vicious hazings, but hanbin figured that it wouldn’t hurt to create a friendlier environment for the fresh wave of pledges. 

 

still, not sending anyone to the emergency room didn’t mean that active members weren’t allowed to have any fun with the newest additions to their chapter. as long as no one went to court or had to see a therapist, everything else was fair game. hanbin grabs what he was looking for in the garage, a couple cans of cheese spray that had long since gone spoiled, and straightens up from his crouching position on the floor. he hisses when his knees crack with the movement, another reminder that graduation wasn’t far off for him. 

 

“where are the pledges now?” hanbin asks, turning to matthew, whose thumbs are flying over his keyboard in a flurry of texts. matthew glances up from his phone. his nose scrunches when he spots the cans held in each of hanbin’s hands, as if he can already smell the foul odor of rotting dairy. 

 

“they’re just a couple minutes away from the house,” he responds, tucking his phone back into his pocket, and leans down to grab his bag of props (water guns, craft glue, and glitter) from the floor. “we should hurry up to check out the newbies first. zhanghao says that there are six of them this time, four freshmen and two sophomores. he recognizes a few from when we did our rush back in august.”

 

six pledges was an incredibly tiny turnout for the semester, but that wasn’t a bad thing. hanbin had been looking to downsize zeta beta omega anyway so he could pay more attention to the members under his wing. he follows matthew to the front of their house, where a commotion at the entry immediately greets them. a group of shirtless teenage boys tangled together in layers of haphazardly wrapped duct tape (hanbin winces at the sight of tape over nipples) spills through the doorway, led by jiwoong in the front and ushered along by zhanghao in the back. 

 

all of them are blindfolded, although their mouths are left free to produce a ruckus of confused yelling and the occasional your mom joke, so hanbin assumes that none of them are too scared. he scans the unruly row of pledges and recognizes a few of them right away. 

 

sohee, who had been in his history lecture last semester and also beat him in beer pong during one of their house parties. anton, whose family built the university library and would probably fund the entire chapter for however long he stayed as a member. gyuvin, the tall freshman who spiked most of hanbin’s sets during a game of recreational volleyball, and stuck around after the match to chat with him. hanbin had liked gyuvin a lot, enough to even consider taking him in as a new little alongside matthew, and was hoping that he would stick with zeta beta omega throughout the recruitment process.

 

and then…

 

hanbin’s gaze drifts to the next potential member plastered against gyuvin’s side and his breath catches in his throat, just the slightest bit.

 

slim frame, blonde hair, delicate features. hanbin had definitely seen him at their last rush, always attached to gyuvin by the hip. he’s one of the quieter pledges now, hovering uncertainly at the edge of the group where he avoids a majority of the pushing and shoving between the others. 

 

one recruit contributing most of the noise to this chaotic scene—junhyeon, if hanbin remembers correctly—screams when matthew squirts him right in the exposed nipple with a water gun. gyuvin flinches at the assault to his ears, stumbling backwards into his friend, who gets caught off guard in the midst of the all the uproar and finally raises his voice with an indignant yelp. “qubing!”

 

he pronounces gyuvin’s name in a funny way, like it’s an inside joke of sorts. gyuvin immediately responds at an equally deafening volume. “ah, ricky!”

 

ricky.

 

hanbin remembers it now, the introduction slurred between drunken lips that hovered centimeters away from his own, paired with big doll eyes that threatened to crumble every last ounce of his resolve. he dealt with dozens of smashed kids at every rush, barely-adults who couldn’t handle the thrill of underage drinking and always wasted themselves trying to impress the crowd, but something about that particular memory painted a vivid image in his mind.

 

ricky, pushed halfway into hanbin’s lap, unbridled lust thinly veiled behind the haze of alcohol in his hooded eyes as he blinked slowly, seductively, at the older boy. hanbin wonders if ricky would look at him the same way now, if not for the blindfold imposing a barrier between them. 

 

“shut up,” zhanghao snaps, and the next time gyuvin opens his mouth about half a second later he gets a mouthful of lukewarm water (water. it’s water. hanbin made sure that all of the water guns and balloons were loaded with nothing but good ol’ H2O after someone had managed to sneak piss into some of the props last year, which had been an utter shitshow and not something he was looking to repeat) shot into the back of his throat. gyuvin lurches forward, hacking out some of the liquid from his pipes, and junhyeon shrieks again when he gets splattered in the splash zone. 

 

“seunghan smells,” anton’s complaint can barely be heard over the rest of the pledges, voice unusually soft for the situation, and whoever seunghan must be yells right back, “your mom smells!”

 

“move it,” jiwoong orders, thrusting the recruits around so they can detangle from one another and start trudging forward in a somewhat more organized fashion. ricky is jostled from hanbin’s line of sight and he finally rips his gaze away to find jiwoong staring at him, urgently mouthing something now that he has hanbin’s attention. 

 

speech, is what it looks like. suddenly hanbin remembers that it’s his responsibility as frat president to welcome the new pledges, who haven’t even been made aware of his presence yet, into their initiation process. from beside him, matthew jerks a thumb in the direction of their basement and hanbin nods, quietly slipping past the pledges to follow his friend down the hallway.

 

the stairs that dip below the ground level of their house are as creaky as ever, rickety wood shifting ominously beneath each footstep as matthew and hanbin navigate their way down. hanbin has barely managed to figure out where the switch on his megaphone is located under the dim lighting of their cellar when all the prospective members begin shuffling in one by one, now considerably more settled than when they first entered the house.

 

hanbin needs to make sure that they don’t get too comfortable. “welcome to the zeta beta omega fraternity, my fellow brothers,” he yells into the megaphone, wincing at the sound of his own voice magnified throughout the close quarters of their basement, and even zhanghao jolts at the sheer volume of the tinny feedback noise that follows. junhyeon screeches again. poor kid. “this is your soon-to-be president, sung hanbin speaking.”

 

hanbin can’t tell if he’s imagining a reaction from ricky out of the corner of his vision. he doesn’t have the leisure to dwell on it, instead continuing with the usual introductory address that warned pledges of their impending commitment to the chapter, demanding that they remained loyal to their brothers in the years to come. this system of establishing trust was, of course, determined by the customary hazing ritual that had been initiated, and the six newcomers cowering before him would soon find out whether or not they had earned the right to stay.

 

“on your knees,” matthew barks, and before the pledges even have time to process the words, zhanghao and jiwoong are already wrangling them down to the ground. ricky lets himself be handled easily, hanbin notices, but gyuvin next to him yells and thrashes as he’s forcibly pinned into a kneeling position, like most of the others. 

 

once huddled together, the active members take their turns stripping off the layers of duct tape wrapped around the pledges, each thunderous ripping noise that tears throughout the basement followed by a loud squeal of pain. (the tape comes off easily enough, almost as soon as it’s tugged from the skin. hanbin figures that most of the boys are overreacting.) the next order of business, then, is shots.

 

six red solo cups lined up on the floor, each of them filled at the bottom with a generous mouthful of deceptively innocent clear liquid. a half-empty bottle of vodka rests in the corner to serve as plenty of backup. “two shots each,” hanbin decides, trying to determine if any of the pledges are lightweight enough to suffer from such an amount of alcohol. hopefully not. “then the blindfolds can go, but first, drink up.”

 

they start off with sohee. zhanghao pries his mouth open and jiwoong shoves the cup to his lips, but in all honesty sohee seems more than willing to take the free alcohol, so it’s mostly for show. anton goes next, not nearly as eager as his precedent, but he manages to swallow his shots with only a slight gag and mildly displeased smack of the lips. 

 

the third one in line is gyuvin. he looks exceptionally repulsed by the alcohol thrust into his face, if the disgusted grimace of his lips is anything to go by, and it requires far more effort to get the two shots down his system. he coughs and sputters in between gulps so hanbin’s fairly sure that most of the drink makes its way back out, vodka and drool trickling down his bare chest in abundant rivulets, but he lets the sloppy performance slide this time. hanbin reaches forward to yank gyuvin’s blindfold from over his eyes and gyuvin looks thoroughly disheveled once it’s removed, hair sticking out in messy tufts as he blinks rapidly in momentary disorientation, taking in his surroundings. 

 

gyuvin immediately whips his head around (checking for ricky, hanbin realizes) and nearly smashes his nose right into his friend’s cheek, who startles at the contact. ricky is next to take his shots, but matthew had miscalculated one shot instead of two in each of the solo cups so a brief intermission is held to replenish the alcohol. jiwoong takes on that task, and in the meantime the rest of the members continue to poke and prod at their victims, ensuring that they can’t catch a break. 

 

“should we make them kiss?” someone—it sounds like matthew—laughs, and it’s a joke tossed around at nearly every hazing to watch the new pledges squirm but hanbin doesn’t miss the way that gyuvin’s eyes briefly dart down to ricky’s lips at the suggestion. 

 

it brings him back to a similar picture: ricky pressing himself against hanbin, nearly begging with the way that he stares at his lips, something that can only described as hunger flickering in his eyes. 

 

suddenly hanbin doesn’t find the situation entertaining anymore, and before he even realizes it he’s leaning forward to grab ricky by his collar. ricky, whose vision is still obstructed by the blindfold tied snugly around his head, gets caught off guard by the abrupt movement, nearly falling flat on his face as he’s jerked forward without warning.

 

hanbin hauls ricky up from his knees, bearing the weight of the other boy when he stumbles against him. gyuvin looks up at his friend with wide eyes, round pupils darting nervously between him and hanbin, who ignores the range of confused and pissed stares that he receives from his friends for unceremoniously interrupting the hazing ritual.

 

“bin, what—”

 

“seunghan’s next,” hanbin cuts zhanghao off, not offering any further explanation as he heads for the basement exit and yanks ricky after him. he can already hear seunghan making a fuss as the door slams shut behind them. ricky hardly resists at all when hanbin guides him through the house, tottering after him on unsteady legs until they’ve made it to the room at the very end of the second floor hallway. 

 

hanbin swings the door open and tosses ricky in a heap onto the floor before his bed. he gives ricky a couple seconds to collect himself, watching him attempt to scramble upright against the hardwood floor, before shoving him back down by the shoulders. ricky doesn’t protest with more than a soft squeak, and hanbin positions the blonde to kneel between his own spread legs where he rests himself against the mattress. 

 

suddenly hanbin starts to doubt his own actions, guilt blooming in his chest as he stares down at the younger boy waiting obediently at his feet. ricky had been heavily intoxicated when they first met, the reason why hanbin hadn’t responded to his advances then, and now he’s not too sure that this situation is any more appropriate than their last encounter. 

 

i’ll just slap him around for a bit, then let him go, hanbin thinks. maybe he’ll return ricky and grab another pledge to give him the same treatment, so as to avoid rousing any suspicions from his fellow members. he skirts his fingers lightly around the defined edges of ricky’s jaw, just barely able to feel him tremble under the touch, then pulls his hand back only to return it with a sharp slap to the cheek. 

 

ricky whimpers at the impact, head snapping sideways with nothing to keep it anchored in place, so hanbin snakes a hand into his hair to keep him still for a second hit. the sound that ricky makes is louder, whinier this time, and hanbin can’t stop himself from shoving a thumb into ricky’s mouth to keep him quiet, wrestling his tongue down to make it stay pinned at the back of his throat. 

 

hanbin expects ricky to gag at the intrusion, which he does. what he doesn’t expect is for ricky’s lips to immediately close around the digit pressed between them, suckling almost desperately with a frantic moan that rings high-pitched and needy, slick tongue laving wetly over hanbin’s skin like he can’t get enough of the taste. 

 

it’s far more than hanbin was prepared for in the moment. he tries to withdraw his hand but ricky quickly chases after the retreat, lurching forward with his fingers scrabbling against hanbin’s knees to keep himself grounded. hanbin has to claw his other hand into ricky’s scalp as a strict warning, forcing him to release the digit caught in the warm cavern of his mouth, and ricky cries at the loss. 

 

he sounds like he’s already at the point of tears, or close enough to it. hanbin reaches down to pull the blindfold off and the sight that greets him is glorious. wide, glassy eyes framed by dark, wet lashes, one clear message written all over his blown pupils as they stare straight into hanbin’s: fuck me fuck me fuck me.

 

“stupid whore,” hanbin hisses, smearing his spit-soaked thumb across ricky’s rosy cheek, and ricky preens like he’s just been praised. his painfully obvious enthusiasm completely dissipates any of hanbin’s hesitation, arousal replacing the earlier stirrings of guilt. hanbin’s cock is hard to the point where it hurts, straining tightly against the confines of his jeans, and ricky presses his nose into the crevice between hanbin’s thighs to feel for himself. 

 

he gets another blow on the cheek for acting without permission, and ricky’s hips rock forward against nothing as he shudders from the force of it. hanbin wonders for a moment if he’s being too cruel, absentmindedly caressing the back of his hand against the reddening mark on ricky’s skin like an unspoken apology, but ricky intercepts the gesture. 

 

“i like it,” ricky says, slurring a little as his fingers encircle around hanbin’s wrist, “when you’re mean to me.”

 

fucking hell.

 

“suck me off,” hanbin demands, and ricky doesn’t waste a second in following his commands. he leans in to undo the zipper of hanbin’s jeans with his mouth, a move straight out of a porn scene, and hanbin groans in appreciation when ricky’s deft fingers dip below the waistband of his boxers to pull out his flushed length, already leaking from the tip. ricky lets out a small gasp at the size, a noise that goes straight to hanbin’s ego, and he’s already prying apart the dainty curve of his lips to cram hanbin’s cock into his mouth. 

 

it becomes evident right away that ricky’s dick-sucking skills are entirely founded in eagerness, leaving little to no room for any actual technique. he’s sloppy and unpracticed with his movements, mouth far too tiny to accommodate even more than a couple inches, no matter how hard he tries. still, he looks pretty around hanbin’s cock, cheeks bulging lightly with his efforts and nose scrunched cutely in concentration, and it’s almost endearing enough that hanbin can look past his poor excuse of a blowjob. 

 

“open up,” hanbin mocks the boy, knowing that he can’t, and thrusts his hips forward anyway. ricky convulses violently when hanbin’s dick sinks in deep but he refuses to back down, struggling to hold himself in place as hanbin fucks into his throat a few more times. he finally lets up when ricky chokes wetly around his length and gives him a moment to recover, spitting out the excess of saliva gathered in his system. 

 

“hey,” hanbin says sternly, then falters when ricky peers up at him, glossy eyes so round that hanbin can see his own reflection mirrored in them. he struggles to find the words for a moment, continuing when ricky prompts him to do so with a slow, cat-like blink. “you really want to do this?” is what he settles on. 

 

ricky only mewls plaintively in response, foregoing a proper answer to wrap his plush lips around the head of hanbin’s cock again, and hanbin hisses at the warm, velvety sensation that greets him. still, he needs the verbal acknowledgement from ricky before they go any further, and it’s with great difficulty that he reaches around ricky’s head to pull him off by the hair. 

 

the younger boy gasps when hanbin’s fingers curl tightly around his silky strands, yanking so harshly that tears spring to his eyes. it’s immediately accompanied by a breathy moan, wispy lashes fluttering as his knees knock together, and holy shit, he really does like being hurt. hanbin stares at the dark spot dampening against the meager tent of ricky’s sweats, suddenly tempted to slam his foot down against it just to see how ricky responds, but first he needs to make sure they have the necessary boundaries in place. 

 

“safe word,” hanbin says lowly when ricky struggles to look straight at him, strawberry pink tongue peeking out to rest against his bottom lip, “is meow. if you want to stop, at any given point of time, meow like a good kitty for me. otherwise, i won’t hear anything else you say.”

 

ricky doesn’t answer quickly enough, stuck in a daze like he’s already overwhelmed just by being put on his knees in front of hanbin, so hanbin gives him a rough shove by the hand still caught in his hair. this snaps him back into focus, jaw clicking shut with a dumb noise as he swallows around the mouthful of drool gathered under his tongue, and lets out a pitiful whimper from the depths of his throat. hanbin rattles him a second time, just to hear him make that same sound again, and it fills him with a sort of sick satisfaction that he’s never felt before.

 

hanbin has always been nice. a sweet, caring leader who dotes on his brothers, no matter what sort of trouble they drag him into. he’s even gracious during hazings, always the first to call off activities that he deems too dangerous before any unsuspecting newbies get seriously hurt. it’s something that others point out often, affectionately teasing him as soft or scornfully ridiculing him as weak. the point is that hanbin never plays mean, despite his competitive streak or strong sense of authority, and it’s something that he prides himself in. 

 

now, ricky kneels before hanbin and gazes up at him with something akin to worship, eyes lit with so much fervent desire, and all hanbin can think of is breaking him down into a crying, shaking mess.

 

“words, baby,” he says with a disapproving edge to his voice, and ricky looks right where hanbin wants him to be. 

 

“meow,” ricky whispers, voice trembling on the syllable, “i’ll meow if i need—need you to stop.”

 

“good,” hanbin says, and without further ado, prods the heel of his foot against ricky’s crotch. he doesn’t apply too much pressure at first, still gauging how much the other boy can handle, and he gets a good idea when ricky rocks forward into it with a high-pitched whine. hanbin lifts his foot only to bring it back down, shoving ricky between his spread legs, and this time he cries out in pain when the force of it jostles him back against the hardwood floor. 

 

“what are you doing? get naked,” hanbin tells ricky, and ricky flushes at the bluntness of his words. he’s already halfway undressed, courtesy of when sungchan and eunseok had ambushed each pledge in their dorms early that morning and wrestled them all out of their shirts. ricky scrambles to get his hands around the waistband of his sweats, tugging them down his thighs in a clumsy display that contrasts his usual graceful demeanor, but that’s not what hanbin wants to see. 

 

ricky yelps when hanbin smacks him across the chest, hard enough to leave a stinging mark of evidence that lingers in rosy pink. “do it properly,” hanbin scolds him, cocking an eyebrow expectantly as he glowers down at ricky, “get up, and turn around. show off your ass for me.”

 

he says it casually, like he’s asking ricky for the time or what the weather’s like outside. ricky looks utterly humiliated by the crude request and it’s turning hanbin on in a way that he hadn’t anticipated before. the blonde rises slowly from his knees, bending forward to display himself as he strips his lower half bare, and throws a sultry glance over his shoulder to make sure that hanbin’s still watching. 

 

“you’re such a slut,” hanbin scoffs, but he can’t stop staring at the way ricky blushes pink everywhere, down to the swell of his ass. there’s hardly more than a handful but it looks plump compared to the slender curve of his waistline, and hanbin can’t wait to feel it under his hands. 

 

ricky wiggles his hips when he gets impatient with hanbin’s ogling, and is rewarded by a firm squeeze to the flesh of his thighs. he tries to face hanbin and gets manhandled to the floor instead, bullied onto his hands and knees with his cheek nudging against hardwood, and mewls pitifully in protest. “i wanna—”

 

“i don’t care what you look like,” hanbin cuts him off, “i don’t even want to see your cock. just let me use your ass like a nice, warm toy and then you’ll have earned your place in my frat. you can cum, or whatever you want, but i don’t fucking care. got it?”

 

ricky shakes underneath him, the slight nod of his head barely visible, and hanbin grins. “good,” he says, and then “here, get my fingers wet for me.” he shoves his digits past ricky’s lips without any further preamble, letting him pant and drool around them until he’s satisfied with the smooth glide of his fingers against one another, and pulls his hand away from ricky’s mouth with an obscene squelching noise. 

 

there’s another inviting entrance waiting for hanbin on the other end and ricky moans at the first prod of spit-coated fingers to the tight pucker of his hole, legs twitching in response. hanbin stretches him open carelessly, thrusting his digits in one by one until he’s working three of them past ricky’s rim at once. he relies on the tone of ricky’s nonstop ah ah ah’s to gauge whether or not he’s pushing the boy too far, but ricky seems to enjoy the rough treatment, if the way he clenches around nothing at each retreat of hanbin’s fingers indicates anything. 

 

hanbin can’t see ricky’s cock from this angle but he can see the mess it’s made on the floor, a pathetic puddle of clear slick dripping onto the wood. “you’re wet like a girl,” he tells ricky, and ricky burns with shame. the sight causes hanbin’s dick to throb painfully and he lowers a hand to palm at his erection, hissing at the heady pressure between his legs. 

 

it’s nothing compared to when he actually pushes into ricky’s heat for the first time, so soft and tight and hugging around his cock like a dream, the sensation almost overwhelming. hanbin has to pull out midway when ricky keens in pain from too much friction, not enough lubricant to ease the slide, and instead of reaching for the mostly empty bottle in his nightstand drawer hanbin simply spits into his own palm and coats himself with the excess. 

 

then he pries apart ricky’s cheeks and spits directly across his hole too, just for good measure. hanbin makes sure that there’s a copious amount dribbling down his taint, enjoying how ricky squirms at the lewd action. he nestles himself back into position and enters ricky again, slamming his hips in further this time, until every inch is swallowed up by the greedy warmth clinging onto his length. ricky sobs as he’s knocked against the floor with the sheer strength of hanbin’s movements. 

 

“ah, hanbin, please—”

 

hanbin smacks ricky across the rear, hard, and whatever ricky was pleading for melts into a hiccuped wail. “i don’t want my name leaving your dirty mouth,” he growls, pressing himself along ricky’s back to gain better leverage as he fucks into the blonde at a relentless pace, “show some fucking respect when you’re speaking to me.”

 

he doesn’t even know where this newfound arrogance is coming from, certainly not from his past experiences of being a gentle and courteous lover in bed, but something about the way ricky falls apart under hanbin’s touch brings out the worst in him. ricky mumbles something, muffled into his own arm, and hanbin yanks his head aside to hear the words more clearly.

 

“sir,” ricky cries out in tears, thrashing violently under hanbin as his sweet spot is tormented by the older boy’s cock, “sir, please, i can’t—”

 

sir. hanbin’s brain’s short-circuits at the title, dick pulsing hotly against ricky’s walls at the mere mention of it, and ricky whines at the feeling of being stuffed so unbearably full. “you can’t what?” hanbin taunts him, sneaking a hand underneath ricky to pinch meanly at his nipples and make him squeal, “can’t take it anymore? can’t handle being fucked anymore? that’s too bad, newbie, because i’m not done with you until i get to cum, so better tighten up that loose hole of yours or we’ll be here all day.”

 

ricky moans so loudly at the words that it nearly covers up all the clamor coming from downstairs. another ear-splitting shriek from somewhere else in the house reminds hanbin that they don’t have much time left, and he renews his efforts in chasing his high. ricky shakes like a leaf as his body is thrusted back and forth on hanbin’s cock, supported only by the hand around his waist by that point, and hanbin thinks about letting him go to watch him crumple to the floor. 

 

“i wanna cum, sir, please,” ricky mewls, desperately grinding his hips back against hanbin’s crotch, and he earns himself a slap on the thigh for that little stunt. 

 

“didn’t fucking ask,” hanbin grunts, and the new angle he finds when he bears more of his weight against ricky has stars exploding in the back of his skull. he’s on the verge of spilling now, pounding into ricky with the finish line in sight, and he’s so close that he can taste it in the back of his throat. 

 

ricky makes a frantic, needy noise when hanbin’s dick leaves his hole empty for a second, which turns into a yelp of surprise as hanbin grabs him by the arm to flip his body over before plowing back into him. this position is much more intimate now that they’re face-to-face, but hanbin doesn’t want to miss the expression ricky makes when he cums, pleasure ruining his pretty features. he’s already nearly there, it seems, cheeks flushed pink in exertion and streaked with tear stains, swollen lips bitten raw. hanbin nearly tips over the edge just from the sight. 

 

his hips are coming to a final stutter when it suddenly hits hanbin, far too late, that he isn’t wearing a condom. “shit,” he swears out loud, and makes a move to pull out, only to be prevented by ricky throwing his legs around hanbin’s waist and clinging onto him like his life depends on it. 

 

“sir,” ricky chokes out around a thin moan, “inside, please, sir, i need you inside—”

 

irresponsible. listening to ricky would be irresponsible, that’s what it is, and as the president of an esteemed organization hanbin has no room for reckless behavior when it comes to leading his fellow brothers. and yet, he finds himself forsaking his sworn duties inside of this pretty newcomer with strawberry-tinted skin and silky golden hair. 

 

hanbin’s clean, anyway. sleeping around frequently also equates to getting tested frequently, at least for him. he’s going to have to ask ricky later about his own sexual health, a conversation near future hanbin will certainly dread, but right now all he cares about is marking himself so deeply within ricky that the boy will be able to feel it for months afterward. 

 

ricky jerks throughout his entire body when hanbin slams into him one last time, cumming with a low groan as he spills himself into all the crevices of ricky’s sticky-warm insides. the height of his arousal is incredible, so intense that he loses himself in the clouds for a moment, only to come crashing back down to the sound of ricky’s pleading whimpers. 

 

“touch me, sir, please,” ricky sniffles, and hanbin glances down at his cock trapped between their bodies, the poor length swollen and leaking as it begs for release. 

 

“touch yourself,” hanbin tells him, like a dare, and the way ricky’s glistening eyes widen in something akin to betrayal almost makes hanbin backtrack on his words. before he can, though, ricky is shoving one hand between his legs, plush bottom lip caught between his teeth as he works himself to completion. 

 

hanbin pulls out, leaving a generous farewell dripping from ricky’s ass in his absence, and sits back on his haunches to watch ricky masturbate. it’s embarrassing, to be honest, and ricky knows it, eyes flitting bashfully away from hanbin’s own when they meet. hanbin lets ricky preserve the little amount of dignity that he has left and doesn’t demand that ricky hold his gaze, remaining quiet as he continues to enjoy the meager show that ricky is putting on for him.

 

ricky clenches around nothing when he cums, a broken cry leaving his lips as he finishes all over his lower stomach and hands. the orgasm is clearly unsatisfying when ricky barely so much as twitches from the brief aftershocks, but hanbin truly can’t find it in himself to care in the moment. 

 

silence fills the room. hanbin awkwardly tucks himself back into his pants as ricky rests exhausted on his floor, dirtied from the inside out with their shared mess. 

 

hanbin’s pulled some asshole moves up until now but he tries to make up for it with the aftercare, fingering the remnants of his own cum from ricky’s ass and cleaning up his torso and thighs with some wet wipes. he’s bundling the used towels together in preparation for tossing them away when ricky speaks up.

 

“i’m in, right?”

 

“what?”

 

“the frat,” ricky answers, like it was obvious, “that was my initiation to become a member, wasn’t it?”

 

hanbin just stares at ricky, trying to put the pieces together in his post-sex scrambled brain, and panic rises in his throat as he realizes what ricky is referring to. “no no no, that wasn’t your hazing,” he struggles to explain, “i thought—you didn’t need to—oh, fuck—”

 

“i know,” ricky interrupts hanbin’s rambling with a snort, “i was just kidding. i wouldn’t have minded, though. if you fucked me for my initiation,” he clarifies. 

 

hanbin can already taste his downfall, and what lingers on his tongue is a lot like the scent of the jasmine and honey perfume that ricky wears. 

 

“i’ll keep this a secret,” ricky offers, then adds, voice dipping lower into a sultry tone, “ sir.”

 

hanbin’s spent cock twitches, and of course ricky notices. he laughs. hanbin runs a hand through his ruffled hair and sighs. “for fuck’s sake, don’t call me that when we’re around the others.”

 

“so it’s okay when we’re alone?”

 

hanbin wonders just where this cheeky brat came from, and if he needs to be put in his place a second time. the question hangs between them for a moment too long as hanbin debates whether or not they have the leisure when a jarring knock on the door startles both of them and quickly wraps up that decision. 

 

“hanbin?” it’s jiwoong. “what the hell are you doing in there? someone else snuck piss into the water balloons again, we need you over here. it’s a shitshow with the pledges. anton climbed up a tree and we can’t get him down.”

 

“fuck,” hanbin mutters, tipping his head back with a weary groan, and from beside him ricky swallows down an amused huff. right now, leadership duties call. hanbin can work out this situation with the newest addition to his fraternity later. 











(between hanbin reeking of sex when he confronts the chaotic scene unfolding in his front yard and ricky emerging from hanbin’s room with crimson marks littered across his body, things don’t stay a secret for long.

 

“he fucked you? for your initiation?” sohee gasps, hand flying over his mouth in evident shock, and from beside him anton rolls his eyes, thoroughly unimpressed. gyuvin, hanbin’s new little, remains completely motionless with his eyes cast downward in stormy silence. ricky will have to settle matters between him and his best friend some other time.

 

ricky doesn’t answer yes or no, just hums lightly under his breath, and that serves as enough confirmation for the others. “man, i’m glad it wasn’t me,” sohee mutters after a couple seconds, shaking his head in relief. 

 

“i might have preferred getting fucked to being bombed with piss balloons,” anton contributes to the conversation, still sulking in petulance over the events from the past few days. gyuvin snorts. ricky peers at him and they share a brief moment of eye contact before gyuvin turns his head away again, lips pressed together in a thin line.

 

“yeah, you would,” sohee tells anton, “gay ass bitch.”

 

ricky leaves his friends to bicker amongst themselves. he has more important business to attend to, anyway, in the room directly above the one he shares with gyuvin. this time, though, he’s prepared with more than just flirty doll eyes and imploring lips, and the reminder of it presses heavy into him where a plug nestles snugly against his walls. another item added to the long list of hanbin’s busy schedule, ricky supposes, but that’s none of his concern.)

The evening wind felt mellow and enriching, being rivaled only by the sweet tunes playing in the Plaza.

 

After seeing him in the forefront for who knows how many times during battle, Anon was finally able to watch a K.K. Slider concert to his heart's content. Normally, his voice was drowned out by the sounds of swords clashing, guns blasting, and fists swinging. Now, however, he was able to admire every note that played from his guitar, just like the other residents of New Horizons. He was the only human there, but no one seemed to mind. Well... Not the only human.

 

"Hey, Anon!" A voice called out to him, and he looked behind him to see a familiar Villager approach him with an excited smile. The dark-skinned boy had short, deep brown hair with a flicked fringe and brown eyes, and wore a purple 4-ball T-shirt with black shorts and blue and green striped socks with blue shoes. "Didn't think I'd be seeing anyone from the Smash Tourneys around these parts! Not that I mind; you're always welcomed here!" 

 

The way the boy smiled made the Mii's cheeks just a little pink.  The Villager was always friendly towards everyone, even his rivals on the battlefield. Maybe it was due to his role as a mayor, but his kindness seemed as deep as the ocean. "Ah... Thanks," replied the Mii. "To be honest, I was always interested in K.K. Slider. I just never really got a chance to listen to him because... you know, the fighting."

 

Bill nodded his head in understanding, tapping his foot to the rhythm of the music. "Oh, I get it. Nothing like a really loud 'Falcon Punch!' to completely disrupt a good song," said the boy while rolling his eyes. "I bet you're happy that you can actually hear the music this time, aren't you?" Anon nodded his head. "I've actually been a fan for years, so you have no idea how happy it is finally having him perform - and every week, no less!"

 

"Every week?" The man whistled a little, being just a tad jealous of the Villager. "Well, aren't you lucky."

 

"Just a little. I gotta say, I really like it here. The people are nice, the weather is always good, even when it rains, and the fruit... Mmm, don't even get me started on the fruit."

 

"I've had some of it before. Sometimes they fall from those trees you plant, right?" Anon recalled. "How does that work, anyway?"

 

"Funny you should ask; it's actually an interesting process-" Before Bill had the chance to explain, the two of them heard another familiar voice. Her words were so slurred and unintelligible, though, that it was hard to believe that it was Isabelle at all. There she was, though, attempting to sing and dance to K.K. Slider's funky tunes, sloppily shimming her hips and taking missteps all along the plaza. "Oh boy," giggled Bill, watching her secretary stumble around - a total contrast to her diligent and professional personality she was known for. "I guess she had too much Happy Juice again. I admit, it is kind of funny to see her like this."

 

Isabelle tripped and hummed her way through the crowds of other animals to reach the guitar-playing canine. "Hey, Slider! Do you remember me? Ir's-A me, Isabelle!" yelled the drunk Canine with an intoxicated smirk. "I was working behind the desk all week again, but it's always so nice to... *Hic!* ...Come to your shows!"

 

As the woman pulled out a little flag with K.K. Slider's face on it and waved it crazily, Anon couldn't help but to laugh at what he was seeing. He was so used to seeing Isabelle being Professional all the time that it was kind of a relief to see her kick back like this. "I guess even she knows how to have a little bit of fun."

 

"It is nice knowing that she treats herself sometimes," said Bill, who watched Isabelle dance without a care in the world along with the rest of the audience. Even K.K. Slider was getting kind of hyped watching the woman dance, and played a funky tune on his guitar to liven the already upbeat mood. "You know, I think we should get dancing too," said the boy as he reached out to grab Anon's hands softly. Anon's eyes widened a little as he looked down at the boy. "O-Oh, sorry. I guess I got a bit excited too..."

 

Shaking his head, the Mii gripped onto his hands softly. "It isn't that. It's just... Don't you Villagers do a lot of yard work? I'm just surprised that your hands are so soft," Anon told him.  "I guess that has something to do with your age. Most kids tend to have soft hands, I guess."

 

"Kid...?" Bill's cheeks puffed as he tried to restrain his laughter before ultimately failing, laughing out loud as he moved one hand from Anon and into his pocket, taking out his wallet and opening it. "It really is too bad I never had a growth spurt; it would make some things a lot easier."

 

Anon squinted his eyes as he leaned down to see the Mayor's I.D. "...Twenty-One? You really are tiny for your age," he noted before covering his mouth. "S-Sorry. I didn't mean that as an insult. I guess that's just..." He blushed, looking away for a moment. The last thing he wanted to do was insult Bill, even if he wasn't a Mayor. "...Either way... you still look good just the way you are, so don't worry about getting taller."

 

Bill reached over to Anon's hand, grabbing it once again while he tugged on it slightly, prompting the man to look into the boy's eyes. "I'm not mad or anything. I'm the Mayor of a town that's full of nice people, I have a really sweet mom, and now I get to travel the world and see all kinds of different things thanks to the Smash Tourneys," he explained. "With the way things are now, I don't really mind being tiny."

 

"It's hard to imagine you as a giant, too," Anon commented. The two of them laughed for a while when the sound of jingling bells prompted them to turn towards Isabelle, who was walking towards them. "You think we should say hi?"

 

"I wouldn't have it any other way!" Unconsciously still holding onto one of Anon's hands, Bill walked over to the secretary, waving at her happily. "Hey, Isabelle! Are you enjoying the show so far?"

 

"Uh-herm!" said the drunk lady as she barely managed to stand on her two feet, everything seeming as it was bending, turning, and multiplying all at once. "This ish... the best show I ever been to, Mayor!" She hicced, then  stumbled over to Bill, giggling a little. "Say, we should make an ordinance that has K.K slider play every single day!" She said, taking out her cup of Happy Juice and sipping on it again. "Why don't we sell these at Nook's Cranny again...?"

 

"That's a good question, actually," Bill wondered, scratching his chin while looking up at the sky. "I guess I'll look into that."

 

"Are you going to turn it into a Liquor store?" Anon asked curiously when Isabelle looked over at him, eyeing the Mii from head to toe. "Uh... It's really good to see you again Isabelle! Listen, I'm sorry about shooting you with that Rage Blaster back at Green Hill. I was a point down, and... Uh, you okay? Your cheeks look kind of green yourse-"

 

Without much warning, Isabelle's mouth turned into a broken dam. Two days worth of breakfast, lunch, and dinner blasted out of her mouth in the guise of a rainbow.  Several three course meals splashed onto Anon's shirt and pants, as well as some half-chewed peaches and apple pie. Like witnesses to a train crash, everyone was mortified yet couldn't look away from the way Isabelle let out a projectile so powerful and damaging to Anon's clothes that it could have been a Final Smash all its own. The color-censored chunks fired away for at least twenty seconds before it came to a stop. Isabelle looked down at the floor, dazed after her long puking session. Naturally, the music came to a stop, and all eyes were on the secretary that found herself laughing manically, as if she were an evil villain in a comic book. Then, she suddenly stopped, wobbling back and forth like a wet noodle before lazily pointing to Anon, her mouth conjuring a thunderous burp before conjuring the slurred, dizzied question of the evening.

 

"...Who are you again...?"

 

 

Round and round the clothes went in the washing machine. Anon watched the victim of projectile vomit that was his clothes spin around in Bill’s expensive-looking washing machine. He stood in only a T-shirt and underwear, since nothing else could fit him.

 

“I’m so, so sorry about that,” the Villager apologized. “I knew she tended to get a bit tipsy, but she never did anything like that before…” He frowned a little, facing the floor. “I guess I need to make an ordinance to ban happy juice.”

 

Anon gently swatted his hand. “Nah, don’t sweat it. We had a good time, and that’s all that matters. Besides, K.K. Slider isn’t the only cool thing I get to see tonight.” He looked around Bill’s home. His walls were purple and decorated with white spots. He had all kinds of things hanging on his wall, from abstract art pieces to pictures of various villagers, himself included. He had a wide couch across from a flat screen, and a video game console hooked up to it. There was also a jukebox in one corner of the living room, and even a disco ball hanging from the ceiling. “You have a pretty nice place. It’s cozy.”

 

“Oh, you like it?” Asked a blushing Bill as he tapped his foot on the ground, his half-lidded eyes leering towards Anon. “I designed it all myself! …Okay, maybe I had a little help, but still!” He rocked back and forth on his feet, admiring the compliment he got from the man. “I was thinking about going into home design in case this whole Mayor thing didn’t work out…”

 

Anon lightly poked his finger against his forehead. “I keep forgetting that… N-Not that you aren’t mayor material or anything like that. I guess I expected a Mayor to act a little different.”

 

“Different how?”

 

“Well, you aren’t an old sack of bones… No offense to the elderly,” Anon clarified as he leaned against the washing machine.”But judging from how happy everyone usually is here, I can say that you’re the exact kind of leader people look for. Kind, caring, and even a bit strong. I saw how you sent Zelda flying during that sudden death round in New Donk City.”

 

A  comical bead of sweat fell along Bill’s cheek as he slouched forward with an embarrassed smile, his eyes drooping towards the floor. “A-Actually, I was trying to give her a gift I brought at Nook's Cranny. Too bad I tripped and the flower pot sent her flying out of orbit… somehow. I'll be honest, I'm still not too sure how that works.” He shook his head, then began to walk over to the jukebox. “Still, I’m glad you think so highly of me. I think you’re pretty cool, too. Mario and Sonic tell me you were in the Olympics with them!”

 

“A few times,” said Anon while he watched the boy walk, his eyes gazing at the Villager’s small form. From his pretty face to his slim hips, the man found every part of the Mayor alluring. He found himself staring at the boy’s butt as he walked to the Jukebox, his own member slowly stiffening through his underwear. “You should join sometime. It’ll be fun. One of Sonic’s friends is a fortune teller.”

 

Bill’s eyes lit up as he turned around. “Really? Oh, I’d love to come! Maybe she could give me a heads up on how the Turnip Harvest is looking this season!” The boy giggled slightly. “I love turnips… Maybe I’ll prep us some for dinner… O-Oh, along with some other things.” He went back to face the Jukebox, scanning the CDs inside of it until he pressed a button. “Ah-Ha! Here we are!”

 

“Hm?” The room started to grow dim, save for the rotating lights that scattered along the room from the disco ball. A familiar song played, and Bill began to gently move his hips, wagging his round little rump in circles like a tail. He slowly turned around again, looking at Anon with a soft yet intense gaze. The way he stared into the Mii’s eyes filled the man with a rush going towards feelings he was only the slightest bit hesitant about having, the ones that were telling him that the star of the night wasn’t the musical canine that he had been just a little obsessed with, but the Villager that opened his doors for him. “Isn’t this song…”

 

“That’s right,” said the Villager as he strolled to Anon, rhythmically swinging his arms while bouncing his body side to side to the beat. “It’s our song.”

 

“Our song?”

 

“The one that we were listening to before your clothes got messed up, silly!” Bill reached out to grab onto the Mii’s hands, squeezing them softly while he looked at him. “We never got a chance to really dance with each other… I mean, if you want to…”

 

The boy looked at Anon in such a majestic way, almost as if he were a king or something. The Mii came across a few people that made fun of the Villagers' eyes, but something about Bill's was endearing. It was as if his irises soothed his soul. The man gulped, but he nodded his head. “O-Of course… To be honest, the moment you offered, I kinda been itching to do it.”

 

“Is that right?” Bill looked up at the man, the two of them stepping and jiving to the funky rhythm of the song. During the dance, his eyes trailed down Anon’s body, and it was only a matter of time before his sights were set on the bulging erection in his underwear. He stepped a little closer, pressing closer and closer against the man, his own erection stiffening through his shorts. “Ha… I get the feeling that you probably want to do more than just dance. Am I right?” His voice was somewhat playful, but Anon could see what he hoped was genuine passion behind the Villager’s eyes. “As Mayor… It’s kind of my job to make sure everyone in my town is as happy as possible… Citizen or Visitor. So, is there anything you need from me tonight?”

 

With very little delay, Anon  crouched down for a moment to grab onto the Villager’s hips, picking him up from off the ground and planting a long, deep kiss onto the boy’s lips. Bill was taken aback by the sudden action, but leaned into the kiss, letting his lips smack against the Mii’s while he reached over to his shoulders, squeezing it softly. The man’s tongue invaded the Mayor’s mouth, wrapping itself around his while the Villager’s eyelids gently lowered. The Villager’s lips and tongue were like a fruit medley - fitting, considering his diet. Peaches, apples, pears, oranges - the sweet, delectable flavor of his kisses only furthered Anon’s thirst for the boy. Everything about the Mayor of Smashville was great; his malleable asscheeks felt like warm putty in his hands even through his clothes. The soft, mellow sounds he made from his lips was soothing in his ears, even more so than the music that he traveled so far to listen to. And, of course, Bill’s blushing, which was just barely visible through his ebony flesh, was so hot that the man could barely contain himself. His hands tossed the Villager up just for a moment so he could slide his hands into the bottom of the boy’s shorts, squeezing onto those buttocks with his firm, strong fingers.

 

It was an absolutely amazing feeling being in his clutches - at least, when he wasn’t being tossed dozens of miles away by him. Bill felt his heart skip the moment his digits sunk into his flesh through the fabric of his briefs, his stiff member tenting the front of them while his tongue wrestled with the Mii’s. Ever since he became Mayor, he had a few flings with some old villagers that eventually moved. But being with this Mii, another human being, filled him with a sensual joy that resonated through his entire body. The two sucked on each others tongues as K.K. Slider’s music played in the living room. Soon enough, Anon pulled away from the Villager, who was left with a love-drunk smile as he softly gasped from feeling those fingers push into his soft rump. “I… I take it that you want to spend the night?”

 

Anon nodded his head, then walked over to the couch before sitting Bill down. The man pulled down his underwear, letting his hard, throbbing cock free in front of the Villager’s face. “I’d appreciate it for sure, yeah. You don’t mind, do you?”

 

“N-Not at all,” said a starry-eyed Bill, who licked his lips. “Not at all...” Slowly, the boy leaned his face into the Mi’’s erection, planting a soft kiss onto the tip of his shaft before slowly pecking his lips against the left side of his shaft down to its base, gradually sliding his tongue back up to the Mii’s crown. “Uh-huh… You like that?” He asked, circling his tongue around  the tip. The warm appendage made Anon moan softly; it felt like his entire organ was being kissed by a rain-kissed rose petal, and he balled his hands as the ecstasy coursed through his body. The Villager chuckled a little, then moved his right hand to the base of his cock before parting his lips and moving forward again, sliding his mouth around the rest of his shaft. The boy twisted his head ever so slightly as he bobbed his head back and fourth along his member, his wet, hot maw constantly sliding down his shaft while his hand stroked the base of the man’s length. He tasted incredible; it made the fish he enjoyed cooking so much seem like rye bread in comparison. The masculine, strong tang of his dick hit the boy’s head like a home-run bat that sent his mind flying into a high like nothing else. His other hand undid and pulled down his shorts along with his underwear, showing his cute, small erection, his black member twitching a little as he kept swallowing Anon’s dick into his mouth.

 

“D-Deeper,” Anon said as he moved his hand behind the boy’s head, pushing the Villager’s head further down his cock. The man shuddered in pleasure as the boy swallowed his mass down his gullet, feeling his tip prod against the back of his little throat. Bill’s eyes softly gazed up at the man as he continued weaving his maw back and forth on the man’s dick flawlessly, the saliva he left behind on the mass flowing like the rivers in his town. “You’re so fucking good at this,” Anon said lowly while he leaned his head bac, the burning surges of euphoria making him shudder in ecstasy. “You do this a lot?”

 

The boy unhinged his jaw as he slowly pulled back, tightening his lips around his cock head for a little bit before pulling his maw from off of it with a loud pop, wrapping his hand around the throbbing, wet dick. “How else do you think I get the public approval rating of the locals around here?” laughed the boy, lifting the man’s dick so he could let his lips kiss along the underside of Anon’s hardness, his soft lips planting pecks down it. “You have such a yummy dick, Anon… You mind if I taste your cum, too?” He asked while he stroked the man’s cock slowly, looking at the bit of precum that dribbled from his tip. He slowly dragged his tongue up to the tip of the man's crown, sucking the droplet off of it while hollowing his cheeks, wrapping his mouth around the man's dick again and thrusting his face down, letting the tip of the Mii's rod slide into the back of his throat before he pulled himself back, smacking his lips as he jerked off his guest, staring at the meaty staff in front of him. "Yeah... I want this dick in my ass," he said with soft, youthful voice that totally contrasted the words coming out of his dick-sucking mouth.

 

“I'd love that…” Anon’s eyes gazed down to the boy’s lower half. Following those eyes, Bill got up from the couch and grasped onto Anon's hand, taking him upstairs to his bedroom. He clapped his hands, turning on a hidden light that showed his space - a wide room with a large wardrobe in the right corner of the room, a window on the left, and a dresser right next to a large, heart-shaped bed in the middle of it. “Whoa… Even your room looks pretty.”

 

Bill giggled a little, then proceeded to make his way to the bed. He crouched down and bent over, shaking his ass for Anon while he searched for the lube. The man’s already hard dick wagged like the tail of an excited dog when he saw the round, bare butt teasing him from a distance. He slowly inched closer and closer to it that ass that drew him in like a moth to a flame until the Villager grabbed the clear bottle of lube and turned around. “Sorry… I really need to fuck you right now.”

 

A lustful twinkle shined in the corner of Bill’s eyes. The boy quickly climbed onto the edge of the bed while popping the bottle open with his thumb, pushing the nozzle of it against his hole and squirting the lubricant into his dark, sweet asshole. He licked his lips as he tossed the bottle aside and held his legs apart, exposing his quivering hole to the man that had treated him so nicely. “Go ahead. Makes this the best night ever, Anon.”

 

Anon slowly crawled on top of the bed before grabbing onto his shaft, stroking his slick, hard length slowly before guiding the tip over to Bill’s hole. He pushed into that warm, tight asshole ever so slowly, causing the boy to moan as he felt himself get stretched out by the Mii’s hardness. He gripped onto the sheets while he sighed in pleasure, his half-lidded eyes looking up at the man that dedicated the evening to taking him. “Ah… Tight little thing, aren’t you?” Anon whispered. Bill’s insides did indeed grip him with a firmness, but it wasn’t like he minded. He slowly started to move his hips, pushing his rod back and forth into the Bill’s firm yet snug tunnel, feeling his inner walls grip around him each time he lunged forward. “Oh, god… I’m so glad I came out here tonight…”

 

“And I bet you’ll be happy to cum inside me tonight, too,” joked Bill in between his moans as he felt the man thrust into him. Despite it lacking the barbs or knots that his villagers would have, the pleasure that Bill got from Anon’s cock was immaculate. Each time the man thrust into his chocolate hole, he felt like an angel getting ready to get his wings. His mind rattled with joy as his thick length gradually picked up the pace, and felt an excited tension forming deep within him as the man wrapped his arms around the bottom of his soft, milky thighs to hold him in place. “Gh… Right there,” Bill said in a hushed tone as his length explored a rather sensitive spot of his hole. The way he moved felt like waves crashing against a sandy shore, making its mark with its uncanny presence. His entire body felt hot, as if Anon’s cock was lighting a fireplace within him. The boy gripped onto the sheets tightly while he closed his eyes tightly, letting the lustful tingles that turned into carnal sparks completely take over his heart and soul. Another particularly hard thrust caused the Mayor to scream out into the ceiling, his throbbing member bouncing about from Anon’s swift motions. “Ah, y-yeah! Fuck my ass, sweetie!”

 

With a swell of joy forming within him from Bill’s enthusiasm, Anon swung his hips quickly, making sure his dick struck  into the Villager’s hole as if he were trying to dig up fossils from it. He stared down at the soft,, slightly chubby frame of the boy, from the dark, perky nipples on his chest to the small erection that practically danced each time he buried his dick into its owner’s butt. “You’ve got a really sweet body, Bill,” said the Mii while he moved his right hand from the boy’s thigh to grab hold of his bouncing shaft, putting extra force behind his already hard thrusts to further drive home his intense desire and love for the Mayor. “Every inch of you is to die for… No wonder your villagers love you…”

 

A barely visible blush flashed in Bill’s cheeks when Anon started complimenting him, his own stiff dick throbbing within the Mii’s hand. “Ah… Gnn… Thank you…. Feel free too- A-Ahn..! - T-Take my ass whenever you need to,” The Mayor tried to insist, but he could barely think straight. Every muscle in his body was electrified with an ever-growing need to get fucked by the man some more. His hole squelched each time he thrust, like it was a piece of meat being tenderized by a mallet. The bed creaked as the Mii railed his hole, his toes crunching in his little socks while he stared at the ceiling. “Yeah, this is some really good dick, give it to me…!”

 

Anon stroked the boy’s shaft quickly while he stared down at it, witnessing it throb about in his clutches while his left set of fingers sunk into the boy’s ebony thigh, scooching it down beneath him and squeezing onto his little doughy butt, grabbing on it constantly. “Not gonna stop… Until I cum inside of you…!” It was like he was being pulled into a black hole made for the sole purpose of turning him on. He swiveled his hips slightly, making sure each and every angle of the boy’s hole was stretched out by his rod. Bill’s angelic, bliss-filled moans bounced off the walls of his room while the Mii continued handling his small dick, stroking it quicker and quicker while his own length pummeled the depths of the Mayor’s asshole. Anon never saw him make such a horny face; his tongue was out, his eyes were half-lidded, he was drooling, and he was constantly crying out the Mii’s name like he was a god. He wasn’t expecting this to happen tonight, but he sure was happy that it did.

 

And so was Bill, who felt tight in his body but light in his mind as the man continued railing him. Feeling those digits push into his asscheek, the boy let out another loud squeak filled with lust, his member leaking more and more precum in his hand. “Ah, damn it… I’m gonna… Ahh…Ggh…!” Bill gritted his teeth as the stimulating impact of his dick sliding so deep into his hole finally overwhelmed him. Every nerve inside of him flashed like a flashlight, and his whole body shook like a leaf.  He cried out like a wolf howling to the moon, and thick, warm strands of cum shot from his tip and onto his own body, completely covering his dark figure with white strands of seed that reached his stomach, chest, and even his chin. His asshole gripped onto the Mii’s cock as it slowed down, feeling how tense and tight the hole had suddenly become. After a few more spurts of whiteness shot from the Villager’s dick, the boy simply laid his head back while the Mii moved his right hand beneath the boy, gripping onto the other glute firmly. “Oh… D-Damn….”

 

“It’s my turn now,” Anon quickly whispered as he started to make long, slow pushes into Bill’s twitching hole. “Man, it’s going to feel so great cumming in this tight ass of yours,” he stated while he kept making slow motions lunges into him. He wanted this moment to last forever, and yet he knew that it was a matter of time before he gave him what they both wanted. His raw dick continued making savoring, lasting strokes inside of the Mayor’s hot, wet asshole that did everything it could to milk cock dry. “You made kind of a mess… But you look so much better covered with cum," the Mii commented while he squeezed onto his asscheeks firmly, biting his lip while he burrowed his dick into the Mayor. "You're a little hottie, Bill..."

 

Bill, still reeling in from his previous orgasm, sighed delightfully while his moans continued slipping from his lips. “Mmm… You made me cum, baby,” giggled the boy as he began to slowly place his heels beside Anon’s waist, letting the man lean into his face for a kiss. The Mayor leaned up and accepted the kiss, his lips smacking along his while the man began to speed up. Bill moaned joyfully as he felt his entire length slide in and out of his ass like a piston. His hot length pumped in and out of his asshole at a growing pace, his balls smacking the bottom of the black hole while his pink insides tightly squeezed its intruder. “Ah… Fuck… Do it,” gasped the Villager, barely managing to get his little legs around the man while he hunched over him, slamming his hips down and drowning his dick as far into his asshole as he possibly could. “Cum in me, cum in me! Take me and fill me already, you sexy dick!!”

 

The way he begged for it caused the man to cave in just a tad bit sooner than intended. His vicious, intense hip movements lasted for a while longer until he finally reached his breaking point. The man groaned in absolute ecstasy, unloading his fiery, thick cum deep inside of Bill’s asshole. He grunted while the boy moaned from the liquid heat flooding his orifice, the Mii’s dick sliding all the way into the boy’s hole as his rod released its heat inside of him. “Fuck, I-I’m cumming… Take it,” gasped the man as he flooded that boy’s tunnel. The sheer hotness of his seed nearly turned Bill’s mind to ash; he was being stuffed with so much man milk that he thought he’d turn into a cow. He grinned from ear to ear as he locked his legs around the man the best he could, guaranteeing that not a single drop of his cum would spill out of his hole - at least, not for the moment. The sensation from being creampied was felt from head to toe, every fiber of his being feeling like a mini little sun just imploded inside of his butt. The fact that he was fucked out of this world made the feeling of being painted white on the inside especially joyful, and he didn’t want it to stop.

 

Anon leaned down to kiss the Bill once more, then licked his lips slowly. The Mayor returned the favor by wrapping his tongue around the man’s, enjoying the excellent feeling of both the Mii’s cum and cock still lodged in his asshole. “Mmn… Looks like I’m stuffed,” noted the Villager as some of Anon’s seed started to leak out of his hole and around the intruder that so thoroughly claimed him. “Gosh, you fuck really good… I wish I could have this every day,” he laughed before looking up at the man’s face, confused by the lost-in-thought look he had. “You alright? You’re kinda spaced out.”

 

Anon moved both of his hands over to the Villager’s hands, squeezing it gently while he gazed into his eyes. “…Say. I kinda have an idea. Feel free to stop me if it sounds stupid.”

 

“I just let you cum in my butt, silly,” reminded Bill. “Nothing sounds too stupid. I’m a Mayor, remember? It’s my duty to help people in need!” His soft, easing smile put Anon’s doubts to rest. His dark eyes warmed his soul, much like how his own cum was warming the boy’s asshole. He wanted to experience this every single day. He wanted to experience Bill every single day. Which is why he resolved himself to finally ask the question.

 

 

 

 

The axe swung for a final time, downing the apple tree and all of the fruit that lived in it. The boy wiped his forehead clean, then stared at the other trees in the distance. “Alright. Three trees down, at least… Five more to go.” Today was a special day. He had to make sure the welcome party was a success, or else the man might change his mind about living in this town with him. Even if it was hard work, he was going to do his best to make everything right.

 

“Hey, you need some help?” A voice turned the Villager around. Anon was there, spinning an axe around in his hand. “Are you planning on cutting all of those trees?” He looked out in the distance, seeing the large number of fruit trees in front of him. “They look so pretty; why cut them down?”

 

With a small blush, Bill’s eyelids narrowed while he lowered his head, looking up at the man. “Well… You see, I wanted to prepare something special for you.  Plus, you know… it’s getting kinda crowded.”

 

“I see…” Anon walked past the stump that was once a tree, then prepared his axe as if it were a sword. “You might wanna stand back.” A rainbow-colored aura flowed from the Mii’s body. He focused on the trees in the distance before raising his axe and swinging it in a flurry. Colorful, crescent-shaped waves of energy shot from the tool, slicing down the family of trees and then some without a hitch. One by one they all fell, spilling not only fruit such as peaches, pears, grapes, and bananas, but also a few bells - and even a half-eaten leaf that fell to Anon’s feet.  “There! How’s that?”

 

Awed, Bill clapped his hands while cheering for the man. “That was incredible! That makes lumberjack work all the less taxing, I bet?” The cheering continued until Anon’s axe turned into dust, leaving the man dumbfounded. “…Of course, I guess doing a Final Smash like that is bound to make it break instantly.”

 

“Y-Yeah, whoops.” The two laughed among themselves when Isabelle approached them. “Oh, hey Isabelle!” Anon waved happily at the woman, who seemed to be troubled for some reason. “Are.. you alright?”

 

“Of course I’m not! I-I mean….” Isabelle poked her hands together before performing a bow. “I’m so sorry about last night! Everyone told me what I did and… and… Oh, this is so embarrassing… I was absolutely careless. Completely unprofessional.” She turned her head to Bill, offering him a stack of paperwork. “H-Here… if you wish to terminate me as your secretary, then I prepared the proper proceedings to-”

 

“Huh!? W-What are you talking about?! I’m not firing you, silly!” Bill pouted. “It’s not like you hurt anyone. And Anon’s not mad about it either. Right?” The Mii nodded his head. “In fact… You might have played a big role.”

 

Isabelle’s head tilted slightly, confused by that statement clearly. “In what?”

 

Bill’s hands reached out to Anon as if he were displaying a trophy. “We have a new resident effective immediately! Anon here is going to become the newest resident of Smashville!”

 

Shocked, Isabelle felt her eyes go white with surprise. “R-Really?! A-Anon, are you sure?! I-I mean, not that I’m against it or anything, but…”

 

“He sure is,” Bill said while pumping his arms in the air. “We did a lot of fuc-" He cleared his throat, then quickly laughed away his slip of the tongue "-talking last night, and he finally noticed how peaceful and wonderful it is around here! So now, he’s here to stay! For keeps!”

 

Isabelle put her initial files away before clearing her throat. “W-Well, okay… I guess I should go prepare the moving papers,” she mentioned. “In the mean time, though, we’d like to welcome you to Smashville, Anon! I don’t know what your previous home was like, but I promise that this town will be just right for you!”

 

The Mii smiled, and reached out to hold onto Anon’s hand. “As long as I’m with him, I think we’ll be fine.” He looked down at the Villager, who smiled happily at the man’s words. Their hearts were now united as one, and they were determined to make sure that nothing could separate them. “You’ll make sure I’m nice and set around here. Right, Mayor?”

 

Bill nodded his head in assurance. “Yep! Welcome to the neighborhood!”

 

“Just promise me no one is going to vomit on my clothes again.”

 

“I-I’m so sorry about that again!” Isabelle bowed her head profusely while she continued to apologize. Anon and Bill laughed as her bells constantly jingled. After a little while, Anon reached down to pick up the leaf.

 

"I wonder what kind of leaf this is..." Anon put the leaf over his eyes, examining it. "It's different from the other ones."

 

Bill looked over at Anon, then reached over to grab it. "Oh, this? You just gotta throw it on ground and it'll transform into... something!"

 

"Like what?" Anon asked with a raised eyebrow. "...Does it turn you into a Raccoon?"

 

Isabelle looked up at Anon, then laughed a little. "It's not a Super Leaf! Though, I think it'd be a good idea to start having those around here..." She shook her head. "Around these parts, these leaves are usually items in disguise!"

 

With his interest piqued, Anon stared at the leaf for a little longer. "Items...?" No longer willing to let his curiosity wait, he tossed the leaf on the ground. The moment it touched the grass, a puff of smoke appeared. When it faded away, it showed... a glass of Happy Juice. "Oh hey, it's the-"

 

Isabelle shrieked and took out a fishing rod. She swung it, hooking the glass of alcohol before chucking the glass away. "Say no to alcohol!"  Anon and Bill watched the glass fly far, far away, and they even applauded the woman for fighting the temptation to drink - that is, until the glass cracked against something:  the windshield of Fox's McCloud's Arwing. The pilot screamed as his plane spun out of control in the sky above the trio, the glass of Happy Juice spilling through the surface and spilling on its controls, causing it to malfunction and send the aircraft crashing straight into the ocean behind the three, a large splash of water erupting behind them. "I-I'm... I'm pretty sure he's okay-" A sudden explosion cut off the dog. The Arwing burst into flames, and Fox was sent flying skywards, leaving a trail of smoke behind as he become one with the stars above.  Anon, Bill, and Isabelle stared at the destroyed plane that was still covered in flames, the crackling fire setting an uneasiness in the three.

 

"...S-Say, Anon! I-I don't think I showed you around Main Street yet!" said a nervously sweating Bill, tugging on his hand. "W-Why don't we go check it out together? I-I mean, after all, you are a new resident after all! You deserve a proper tour! R-Right, Isabelle?"

 

"Huh...?" Isabelle saw the Mayor wink at her, and she immediately knew to follow suite. "Y-Yes, of course! T-This town has so much to offer, and it'd be such a waste if we didn't have you experience everything it has in store for you! F-For example, uh... You need to try some of Brewster's really amazing coffee!"

 

Anon's shaking finger pointed at the Arwing. "D-Don't you think we should do something about that-"

 

"You worry too much! Smashville is all about Relaxing!" said the Mayor while pulling Anon away from the scene. "Now, come on! Let's go drink some coffee! Like, somewhere else! Away from here!"

 

Isabelle tugged on her collar, hesitant to leave the scene of the accident she caused. But the last thing she wanted was to be shot to death with an angry space fox laser gun. "W-Wait for me!" She nervously followed behind Anon and the Mayor, the three of them now fleeing directly to main street. Not too long afterwards, the pilot fell back into Earth's stratosphere, crashing directly into the sands of the beach his Arwing crashed on head first. He grunted as he tried to pull himself from the sand a few times, succeeding after twenty seconds. Covered in sand, the man coughed and coughed until he managed to hurl a flood of sand from his mouth, along with a hermit crab. He puffed his chest when he felt something touch his foot - a glass of yellow alcohol. Somehow, some still remained. After staring lifelessly at his beloved plane being swallowed by flames, he grabbed the cup and decided to drink his troubles away. He chugged the drink, then dropped the glass immediately as he sucked his lips into his mouth, his pupils shrinking like grapes in a snow storm.

 

"Bitter."

Nanami sat at the edge of the bed, his tan suit pants tight around his muscular thighs. His tie was loose, and his shirt was slightly unbuttoned, exposing some of his collarbone. His sleeves were rolled up to his strong forearms, his wrist adorned with his signature watch.

He kept his hands awkwardly on his lap, unsure what to do with them as he watched you saunter over, wearing a satin slip nightgown.

You contained your shy smile as you noticed him gawking at you, his seemingly tired eyes glued to your hips as if hypnotized.

You placed yourself between his legs and cupped his face, gently kissing his lips. His hands found their rightful place on your hips, clearly one of his many favorite parts of your body, and moaned into your mouth. You let yourself melt into the kiss, allowing him to swipe his tongue between your lips, the scent of his expensive cologne swirling around you.

You pulled away with a smack, biting your lip as you took in the sight of him, “I will never get enough of you in a suit.”

He let out a hearty chuckle, his lips lightly stained with lipstick, “Am I going to have to wear my suits at home now?”

You wiggled your eyebrows with suggestive intent, “Not unless you’re willing to stay up all night.”

He grinned as you let him go, dragging your hands down his chest before you positioned yourself over his lap. Taking a deep breath, you slightly perked up your ass for easier access, the fabric shifting from the movement. Perched up on your elbows, you turn back momentarily to see Nanami’s sharp face. Under disheveled blonde hair and fluttering lashes was a mixed expression of lust, curiosity, and worry.

You spoke up, “Is something wrong?”

He studied your vulnerable body, which was presented to him in such a way that made him feel…powerful. He peeled his eyes off your ass and looked into your eyes instead. Those beautiful eyes he loved staring into as he buried himself inside you. He rubbed the back of your thigh, “Are you sure this is what you want?”

A tinge of guilt ached in his chest as he seemed to like the idea of spanking you more than he thought, going against his vow never to hurt you. But if it was something you wanted to do, he was more than eager to comply, even if implicating pain meant pleasure.

You gave him a reassuring smile, “Yes.”

He smiled back and returned his focus to his lap, where you patiently waited for him, “Okay, I’ll start.”

Before he began, he handed you a pillow to rest on and pulled your body closer, sliding his fingers down your back until he pressed a palm down to hold you still. His other hand traced lines up your legs, feeling you tense under his teasing touch. He then started to rub and massage your ass, warming them up.

He spoke softly, “Let me know how it feels, okay?”

You gripped onto the pillow to brace yourself, “Okay.”

It felt like constant shivers running down your spine as you waited for him to strike you, your long-time fantasy being so close to coming true you couldn’t stand it. Staying still for him was difficult, the urge to squirm from excitement too much to bear.

Then his palm struck your ass, a loud gasp leaving your lips as the burning sting registered in your brain. Your skin immediately felt hot as Nanami soothed the hurt.

To his surprise, Nanami began to feel the same heat in his pants. He stuttered, “How was that?”

You squeezed your thighs together, and he noticed, holding back a moan that threatened to slip past his lips. “It was good.” You said shyly, “But can you do it a bit harder?”

“Harder?” He blurted out. The same heat traveled to your face from his sudden response, and you let out a nervous chuckle. He shook his head apologetically, laughing as well, “Okay, love.”

After a few seconds of anticipation, he struck you again, but on the other cheek this time. You bit your lip and dipped your head into the pillow, feeling an ache pool between your legs. He rubbed your skin in circles like before, “Is that better?”

“Yes…much better…” You moaned as you swept the hair out of your face.

He admired the large handprints on both sides of your ass, shutting his eyes briefly as the strain in his pants grew tighter. He grunted, “Here we go.”

“Actually,” you called out. “Can you not tell me when you’re about to do it? I think I want to be surprised.”

“I can definitely do that.”

In random intervals, he spanked you over and over, sometimes letting the burn simmer on your skin or repeatedly hitting the same spot. At some point, the grip on Nanami’s hand on your lower back became stronger, holding you still as you began to writhe over his lap. Your fingers clutched onto the pillow, your bottom lip marked with teeth.

“I have to say, this is way hotter than I expected.” He hissed as your hips pressed into his crotch. “Have you always fantasized about this?”

You swiped your tongue between your dry lips, slightly panting, “Can I be honest?”

“Of course, you can.”

“Remember that one night we met for dinner after work? The very first time?”

He pondered for a moment, “When we went to that sketchy diner because you insisted they had the best blueberry pie?”

“Yes, that night.” You rolled your eyes playfully. “You admitted that it was the best pie you’ve ever had.”

He shrugged in agreement, “You were right. It was worth the endangerment of my safety.”

You twisted to smack his arm, but he grabbed your wrist and pinned it behind your back, giving you a more gentle smack on your ass. You snorted into the pillow and surrendered, “Okay, okay!” You situated yourself again, still turned around to see Nanami, who was lost in thought.

“Wait, since then?” He asked. “We had only been dating for a month at that point.”

“A loose necktie and rolled-up sleeves go a long way, Kento. You can’t imagine how much self-control I needed to avoid jumping across the table. And then you had to torture me with that kiss at my front door.”

He held back a wide grin as if the memory replayed in his mind, “You want to know a secret?”

“Yes.”

He squeezed your thigh, tracing meaningless shapes on your skin. “I was kind of hoping you’d invite me inside that night.”

Your eyes went wide, “You did?”

“You thought that tight-ass skirt wouldn’t get me all riled up? I swear I thought you were swaying your hips that way on purpose. These perfect fucking hips.” He gripped them, rubbing the lace panties that hugged them perfectly.

“Would you have done this to me that night if I asked you to? You wouldn’t have found it weird or too much?”

He instantly imagined you in the same position you were currently in. What it would have felt like to pull up your skirt until it bunched up around your waist, to rip apart the stockings to get to your bare ass that was held high and eager for him to mark as he pleased. To make it prickly and red with a sweet burn. To listen to your heels clack together as you cross your feet in pleasure.

His gaze darkened, “I would’ve done anything you wanted me to do to you that night. As long as it was me doing it.”

Something in the air changed as he spoke those words in a lethal calm, his focus going primal and his grip becoming desperate. Your pulse drummed in your ears as you looked into his dark gaze, scared and excited. You parted your lips to speak, but he lifted a finger as a gesture of silence. “There's no more need for talking. Now, you just need to be a good girl and stay quiet while I play with you.”

There were rare occasions when Nanami’s demeanor during sex was predatory. Some are out of frustration from work or when you’ve teased him for far too long while running errands. Each time left you a trembling, stuttering mess, with you laughing as Nanami pampered you with kisses and praise as an apology for his animalistic behavior. But you’ve never been in a situation with you draped over his lap in such a compromising position. Something he finally confessed to enjoying, both with his words and the hard erection that had been pressing into you for a while now.

“Your ass is so red with my handprints.” He traced a finger over the raw redness, hearing you faintly wince, “I could spank you all night.”

Your ass voluntarily swayed as an offer to him, practically begging for more. You choked on a whimper, keeping your eyes on the headboard.

Nanami couldn’t help but rub and squeeze your ass, “Would you like that? Keeping you over my lap, ass out, marking you up with my handprints?”

“Yes, I would,” you replied, voice brittle.

“To get you all riled up and ready for me to use as I please?” After hearing incoherent mumbling from your end, he spanked you again, not bothering to pacify the pain. “Use your words.”

“Yes, yes.” You squirmed, “All ready, just for you.”

He took a second to gather himself, still struggling against the fabric of his suit pants. He swallowed, “Good, because I couldn’t help but notice how soaked your panties are.” He caressed a thumb down the gusset of your panties, impressed by the overwhelming amount of arousal. “Who knew you were so naughty? Getting turned on by being bent over and spanked.”

Your ears felt like they were on fire, his gravelly voice and vulgar words increasing your fervor. “Yes, I am,” you spoke with an unsteady breath. He spread your ass apart, exposing you to him,

“Would you like me to touch you?” “Please,” you cried out.

A delighted snort came from him, “I wasn’t even going to ask you to say please, but it’s always lovely to hear.”

You muffled your whines in the pillow as desperation and sexual ache were the only things you felt, amplified by another strike of his hand. Nanami composed himself as he watched you suffer on his lap, mere moments from breaking into pure need.

“Let me just…” He moved your panties to the side and slowly pushed a finger in, “Will you look at that? You practically sucked me in.”

You arched your back at the sensation, lifting yourself from Nanami’s lap. Though the satisfying feeling of you grinding into him was gone, he focused on you. He kissed on any skin available to him, his lips and tongue feeling cool against the burn on your ass. Without warning, he added another finger, eager to stretch you out more. You clawed on the pillow and sheets as he went knuckle deep, your hips bucking back to his hand. He kept a steady pace, letting you meet him in the middle, “That’s it, fuck yourself on my fingers.” He curled his fingers in a way that touched your sweet spot, looping his other hand to rub circles around your clit. A ripple of moans and whimpers ripped from you, your knuckles white as you gripped the sheets.

“Oh, you like that?” He grunted, feeling your body squirm. “I want you to keep fucking yourself until you cum.”

You let out loud moans and heavy breaths as your vision blurred, feeling a build-up grow from within. “Oh fuck! Kento, please...”

He felt your walls spasm around his fingers, your breathing becoming erratic. He kept going, letting you reach high until you convulsed into pure bliss. “Good girl.” He repeated, slowing down his movements as you rode out your orgasm. “Come here.”

With wobbly limbs and Nanami’s help, you managed to straddle over his lap. You let out a deep breath, “Holy shit.”

“You did so well for me.” He gently kissed his way up from your collarbone, neck, and cheeks, taking his time to explore your mouth before he pulled away. He tucked a piece of hair behind your ear, “Are you okay? Does it hurt?”

You shook your head as you laughed, “Yes, but in a good way.”

“Good,” he sighed, pressing another long kiss on your lips. You pressed your chest into him as you wrapped your arms around his neck, feeling his hands press onto the small of your back.

You both pulled back, looking deeply into each other’s eyes. You spoke first, “I couldn’t help but notice this was poking into me the whole time,” you grounded yourself into Nanami’s lap, earning a groan that came deep from his throat. He raised an eyebrow as you giggled at him, but you continued, “What dirty things were you thinking about while you were spanking me, Kento?”

Despite his current gentleness, his sexual appetite from earlier was far from satiated. Watching you moan and squirm under his touch only made him crave you more. The feeling of your weight on his lap and the thought of his clothes being the only thing that separated him from sinking into you drove him insane.

His voice was low as he spoke, “I thought about how slutty you were for getting turned on by me spanking you…” he removed a strap off your shoulder, planting soft kisses on your skin, “I thought about how much I loved doing it…” he traced wet kisses up your neck, gently biting your earlobe before he whispered, “And thought about how much longer I could contain myself until I just pinned you down on the bed and fucked you like I’ve been aching to do.”

His hands pushed down on your hips, wanting to feel you more as you pushed against him. You bit your lip, holding in a moan, “Can I ask for something else?”

“Anything,” he glanced between your half-lidded eyes and chewed-on lips, waiting for the following few words to come out of your mouth as if he expected what you would say.

You drew circles around his bare chest, lightly dragging your nail across his skin. You tugged on his tie, bringing his face closer to yours until your breath brushed his lips, “Do you think you can be rough with me tonight?”

His large hands traced down your back, and you arched at the touch, slightly hissing as he groped your sore ass. He stifled a chuckle, “Considering that you wanted me to spank you over my lap,” he exhaled through his nose, “I’m going to assume your idea of ‘rough’ is more intense than how we usually do it.”

You nod, your glossy eyes glued to his inviting mouth.

The room went silent. Your rapid pulse drummed in your ears. Nanami studied you for a moment, listening to your unsteady breaths as your fingers played with his shirt collar.

He removed his hands from you, “Get on your knees.”

It took a second for you to register his demand, to recognize the roughness that oozed out of him. You swallowed but complied, climbing off his lap to kneel between his legs. You almost moaned at how he looked down at you with a domineering expression, his gaze tracing down from your parted lips to your full breasts, which yearned for him.

He cocked his head to the side, leaning back with his hands, “Unbuckle my belt.”

You let the cool silver buckle graze along your shaky fingers as you loosened his belt, your eyes glued to the obvious erection practically begging to come out.

Nanami watched you intently, impressed with your composure, “Good. Now take out my cock.”

Unzipping his pants, you heard a quiet groan from above as Nanami was finally freed from the unbearable fabric, pre-cum already leaking from the tip. You instinctively wrapped your fingers around his shaft, but he grabbed your wrist, “No.” He moved your hand away. “Did I say you could touch me?”

You were at a loss for words, “I…no.”

He wrapped his hand around his pulsating shaft, pumping slowly, “You’re going to watch me stroke my cock until I think you deserve to take it in your mouth.”

A whine almost left your mouth as Nanami began to stroke himself, letting the pre-cum drip onto his fingers. Your eyes didn’t know whether to look at his face that twisted in pleasure or his hard cock. You felt the same dreadful ache, your cunt clenching at nothing.

A smirk tugged on his lips as he watched you squirm impatiently below, “Look at you. You’re dripping.”

You glanced down to see arousal and cum leaking out of you. Nanami hung his head back at the pathetic sight, holding back the urge to speed up his pace.

He grunted as your eyes remained enthralled at the sight of his self-service, your swollen lips slightly parted as if they were begging to wrap around him. Nanami hissed, “I wish I could torture you more, but I just can’t wait any longer. Stick your tongue out.”

You shuffled closer to him, exposing your tongue without hesitation. He tapped the tip of his cock on it a few times, eyes practically rolling to the back of his head from the wetness on your hot tongue. Your thighs squeezed together as you tasted his pre-cum, wanting more of it.

He groaned, “Help yourself.”

You wrapped your fingers around him, pumping him firmly, just how he liked it. Nanami let his head hang back as you worked your hand, your thumb grazing the slit. After a few more pumps, you took him entirely in your mouth, hollowing your cheeks and flattening your tongue in desperation to drag out his moans. Nanami’s hips buckled slightly from the sensitivity, hissing as you pumped him with the slick of your saliva. He suppressed his moans as he unbuttoned his shirt and removed his tie, throwing it to the side.

He groaned as you worshiped him, “Look at you. Just going for it.”

Soon, his fingers fisted in your hair as you took him to the hilt, pushing you down on it. You moaned and gagged onto him, the vibrations traveling directly to his balls. He finally let you up, a string of saliva attached to your lips.

The unholy sight of your swollen lips and messy hair made him snap, “Oh fuck. Come here. Get on all fours."

He helped you up and placed a pillow underneath your stomach before you laid down on the bed, your ass finally a light shade of pink. He removed the rest of his clothes and came up behind you, lining himself up at your entrance. You fisted the sheets in anticipation, your back arching even more as your chest met the mattress.

Nanami shook his head, “Fuck. Uh, condom.”

You called him before he moved away, holding onto his wrist, “No, please. Just…just put it in.”

He swallowed, “Are you absolutely sure?”

“Yes.” You groaned, giving him a reassuring look. “I can’t wait anymore. I need you.”

Repositioning yourselves, he teased your cunt with his cock, dragging the tip along at your entrance. You cried in pleasure, tempted to push back into him. You heard him cuss as he easily thrust into you, almost going limp at the sensation. “Oh, fuck.”

Your eyes rolled to the back of your head, legs already wobbly. You called out his name with a strained voice, and his pace quickened, using a bruising grip on your hips as he pulled you into him. You squeezed around him, and he groaned, admiring your sore ass bounce with each thrust. The delicious sensation had him berserk, and he pressed you down into the mattress, going deeper. You quickly felt an orgasm coming up as he repeatedly hit your sweet spot, his balls smacking against you.

Your legs spasmed in ecstasy, and you moaned into a laugh, “Holy shit, I’m already fucking coming.”

Keeping his pace, it didn’t take long until you unraveled on his cock, screaming into the sheets when he continued thrusting into you after your orgasm. Nanami relished the sight of your quivering body, almost laughing as you reached your arm behind you to signal him to slow down.

You begged, “I’m sensitive!”

“You can take it.”

He grabbed your arm and pinned it behind your back, still thrusting in an unrelenting pace. Your mind went fuzzy as he plunged deep into you, nothing but curses leaving your lips as you felt another orgasm wash over you.

Nanami let out a heavy moan as you came again. You collapsed on the bed, unable to form words. But Nanami was far from done with you.

He rolled you over, moving the sweaty hair out of your face. He lifted the hem of your nightgown, pulling it over your head and throwing it to the side. He teasingly caressed your breasts, his thumbs slightly grazing your nipples. You raised your chest in response and gasped as he took one in his mouth. You squirmed against his tongue, tugging on his hair.

He grinned against your breast, “You have such gorgeous tits. They fit perfectly in my hands.” You squealed as he pinched one of your nipples, and he chuckled, “And they’re always so sensitive.” He dragged his tongue from the space between your breasts to your throat, peppering kisses along your jaw. His lips met yours with a sloppy kiss, “Spread your legs wider for me, love.”

You let out a breathy moan, letting him settle between your legs as you spread them apart. He rubbed against you, coating his cock with your juices, “Put it in. And look at me when you do it.”

Your eyebrows knitted together in pleasure, his eyes looking deep into yours as you lined him up at your entrance. His mouth gaped as he sunk into you, pressing a long kiss on your lips as he reached the hilt. You whined into his mouth, your legs wrapping around him to pull him closer. His hips moved slowly, this time as if he wanted to take his sweet time. As if he wanted to stay there forever.

Your nails scratched along his back as he pulled out just enough to stay inside you and thrust back into you in an agonizingly slow yet deliciously deep. He kissed your neck, “You always preferred it slow and deep.” He touched his forehead with yours, moaning against your mouth, “You just love the feeling of me filling you up until you’re just full of me, don’t you?”

“Yes,” you strained, pushing into him, “You always fuck me so good.”

He hooked your legs above his arms, hitting you at an angle that took your ability to speak in coherent sentences. You pulled him close, his face buried between your neck and shoulder. Your fingers found purchase in his hair, your moans tickling against his ear.

“I’m going to come if you keep moaning in my ear like that.” His arms went weak, “You’re already squeezing me so much.”

You felt him twitch inside you, making you moan, “I can’t help it, Kento.”

“Don’t say my name.” He squeezed his eyes shut, shaking his head, “Not right now.”

“Ken-”

“I want to keep fucking you, so please, just take it.”

He covered your mouth with his hand, and you yelped in surprise, practically screaming into his palm as he rammed into you.

He moaned, repeatedly chanting your name as he neared climax. Your eyes rolled to the back of your head, letting your own crash over you. The spasm of your walls pushed Nanami towards the edge, and he kissed you desperately, his usual cue for when he was about to come.

You pulled away, your hand cupping his cheek as your eyes gazed into him. “Come as much as you want,” a few moans slipped out as he twitched. “Inside me.”

His glossy eyes widened as he registered your words. He thought to himself for a split second, his resolve near deteriorating. He swallowed hard, “You need to be so fucking sure because I will do it.” Suddenly, his thrusts were slow and deep, “I will make sure you’re so fucking full of it.”

“I’m sure,” you said a little too quickly. “I’m absolutely sure.”

“Shit!”

He unhooked your legs from his arms and let you wrap them around his waist, pulling him closer to let him know you were confident in your decision.

His forehead leaned against yours, your mouths hovering closely as you both panted together. He groaned, “I want you to come with me while I fill you up.”

You nodded and crushed your lips with his, the desperation in his moans to get you there with him overwhelming all your senses. It didn’t take long for you to get there, and by the time Nanami took his final thrust, you came, your nails digging into his back as he filled you up.

“Holy shit,” you exhaled, shaking as you felt a liquid warmth spread throughout your body. You had never imagined such an intimate feeling, and Nanami felt the same as he kissed you so tenderly; your heart swelled.

When he pulled away from you, he kissed your forehead, “I can’t believe we did that. Are you okay?”

You laughed at his amusingly shocked face, “Never better.”

His gaze softened at the sound, “I’m going to pull out, okay?” He cursed as he watched the cum leak out of you, and your face flushed with heat. He laid by your side, pulling you close from behind, “Let’s just lay here for a bit.” He kissed your shoulder, “Then I’ll start the shower for the both of us.”

You interlaced your fingers with his, held your hands close to your chest, and shut your weary eyes, “Okay.”

Hampir semua orang menyanggahnya. Beberapa berani frontal mengutarakan ketidakpuasan mereka terhadap keputusannya.

"Monsieur Neuvillette, dengan sangat hormat, pria tersebut tidak pantas menjadi pembalap!"

"Dia mantan narapidana, Monsieur! Reputasi tim Fontaine yang telah kita bangun selama ini akan jatuh begitu saja hanya karenanya! Tolong pikirkan kembali keputusan Anda!"

"Pikirkan kerja keras kita semua selama ini, Monsieur. Pria tersebut hanya akan membawa kehancuran pada tim ini."

Namun keputusannya sudah bulat.

"Kehancuran? Kalian sudah lihat bagaimana hasil percobaan tanding balap Wriothesley, bukan?" Ucapnya tajam.

Hening. Mereka menatap satu sama lain, ada juga yang langsung menunduk, tidak mau menatapnya. 

Bibirnya menekuk tidak senang. 

Orang-orang ini hanya melihat dari latar belakang orang tua dan backingan dari pembalap tersebut, bukan pada kenyataan dan fakta yang ada. Sepertinya Ia harus melakukan pergantian anggota tim dengan segera.

"Dari 3 percobaan, waktu Wriothesley tidak pernah menurun, melainkan lebih cepat, melebihi waktu pembalap-pembalap kita sebelumnya."

"T-tapi dia-"

"Cukup. Wriothesley akan tetap menjadi pembalap di pertandingan nanti. Jikapun keputusanku salah, dan tim kita tidak meraih kemenangan, aku yang akan bertanggung jawab sepenuhnya. Kerugian, reputasi, media dan berita seluruhnya jatuh kepada tanganku. Apakah kalian mengerti?"

Neuvillette menatap anggota timnya secara bergantian. Setelah beberapa lama, satu persatu dari mereka mengangguk, walau Ia dapat melihat beberapa ekpresi tidak puas dan tidak setuju dari mereka.

"Kalau begitu, rapat tim selesai. Silahkan kembali melanjutkan aktivitas kalian. Kita bertemu lagi H-1 pertandingan." Ucapnya.

Ruangan rapat yang tadinya penuh menjadi sepi, menyisakan dirinya.

...dan pria yang menjadi topik pembicaraan tadi. Neuvillette melirik ke arah pintu ruangan kecil di ruang kerjanya. Kenop pintu berputar, dari sana Wriothesley memunculkan dirinya.

"You do realize you put too much on my hands, don't you? Kalau kamu udah bertaruh seluruh hidupmu buatku, bagaimana bisa aku menolak mengikuti pertandingan nanti?." Ucap Wriothesley santai sambil mendekatinya.

Pria tersebut berhenti di depannya, satu tangannya naik untuk memainkan helai rambutnya. Neuvillette menepis tangan tersebut, menatap mata Wriothesley.

"Kamu mau mengingkari janjimu?" Ucapnya. Walaupun ekspresinya tidak berubah, tapi hati Neuvillette sedikit gusar mendengar kata penolakan dari Wriothesley.

Wriothesley tertawa, memeluk pinggangnya dan membawa tubuh mereka hingga bersentuhan.

"Gak lah. Aku akan menang, sesuai permintaanmu. Lagipula kalau menang aku kan bisa dapat hadiah." Sekarang senyumnya jahil, tangannya mulai meraba dan meremas pinggangnya, membuat Neuvillette menahan desahannya.

"...hadiah, maksudmu piala?"

"Kamu."

"Oh..."

Neuvillette memutuskan kontak matanya, menggeliat keluar dari pelukan Wriothesley. Dia membalikkan badan dan mendengus, berharap pria tersebut tidak melihat merahnya pipinya karena ucapan tersebut.

"Kalau begitu buktikan ucapanmu, Wriothesley. Bawa piala kemenanganmu kepadaku, dan aku akan memberikanmu apa yang kamu mau."

Yang dia tidak tahu adalah telinganya juga ikut merona, membuat seringai Wriothesley makin melebar.

Pria dibelakangnya bersiul.

"Siap, Yang Mulia~"

.

.

.

3 tahun telah berlalu semenjak percakapan tersebut. Hari itu adalah hari yang mengubah seluruh hidupnya. Wriothesley menang, membawa piala demi piala untuk tim Fontaine. Walaupun jika dibolehkan, dia akan bilang ke seluruh dunia bahwa seluruh kesuksesannya adalah hanya untuk Neuvillette, manajer sekaligus kekasihnya.

Wriothesley keluar dari mobil balapnya dan membuka helm-nya. Hal yang menyambutnya pertama kali adalah suara gerumuh dari penonton dan komentator. Para komentator mengucapkan selamat atas kemenangannya di babak semi final ini, memuji kemampuannya dalam mengendalikan mobil balapnya.

Fans-nya memekik dan berteriak sekuat tenaga, memanggil namanya layaknya penyembah terhadap dewa. Wriothesley melambaikan tangannya ke arah mereka, namun pandangannya dia edarkan ke seluruh arah, mencari sosok pria berambut putih yang diidamkannya.

Dia melihat Neuvillette berdiri cukup jauh dari kerumunan, berteduh di bawah salah satu tenda. Matanya menangkap tatapan dan senyuman bangga dari pria tersebut, membuat dirinya ikut tersenyum lebar. Adrenalin masih tinggi di dalam tubuhnya, membuat jantungnya berdebar kencang, kakinya bergerak menuju kekasihnya. Wriothesley harus mengingatkan dirinya bahwa ini bukanlah ruangan privat, sehingga dia tidak dapat membawa Neuvillette ke pelukannya dan menciumnya sampai mereka berdua kehabisan napas.

Wriothesley dengan gesit menghindar dari reporter berambut pink yang sudah siap dengan kamera beserta buku notesnya, kemudian berlari menghampiri Neuvillette. Tatapannya hanya fokus kepada keindahan (dan keseksian) calon kekasihnya. Celana training biru yang dipakainya tidak dapat menyembunyikan lekuk kaki panjang Neuvillette. Apa pula garter paha dan harness dada??? yang pria itu gunakan, bikin dia makin gila aja. 

"Selamat, Wriothesley." Ucap Neuvillette lembut. 

Wriothesley membalas senyuman dari pria tersebut, memasukkan tangannya ke kantung celananya agar dia tidak berbuat senonoh, seperti menggendong Neuvillette, membawanya ke dinding terdekat untuk sesi make out di depan publik.

Honestly, he's ready to risk it all.

"Terima kasih. Ah, walau masih tersisa satu babak lagi, tapi aku ingin merayakan kemenanganku terlebih dahulu. Bagaimana, pak manajer?" 

Wriothesley mengedipkan satu matanya ke Neuvillette, dan hampir tertawa melihat kekasihnya menganga. Implikasi seksualnya dipahami langsung oleh Neuvillette.

"Wriothesley."

Waduh.

Wriothesley sudah siap meminta maaf saat Neuvillette melirik ke kanan dan kiri, sebelum mendekatkan diri dan berbisik ke telinganya.

"30 menit. Sini ikut, sayang." 

Wriothesley merasakan pipinya memanas, tidak dapat menahan seringainya. Matanya menatap mata Neuvillette yang penuh nafsu.

"Dimana?"

"Di ruang loker. Cepat, kita tidak punya banyak waktu."

Neuvillette berbalik, memperlihatkan bokongnya yang bulat, menyeplak dengan jelas oleh celananya. Wriothesley bergegas mengikuti kekasihnya. Dia berharap tidak terlalu kelihatan seperti anjing yang terlalu bersemangat karena akan diberikan hadiah oleh tuannya.

Kalau dari kekehan Neuvillette sih, sudah keliatan banget kalau dia gagal.

.

Baru satu detik setelah Neuvillette menutup dan mengunci pintu ruang loker, tangan Wriothesley mulai menggerayang ke bagian bawah tubuh kekasihnya.

*Plak!

Satu tamparan nakal mengenai bokong Neuvillette, membuat pria itu hampir melompat.

"Wriothesley!" Omel Neuvillette, walaupun tatapannya makin penuh dengan nafsu.

Wriothesley hanya memasang senyuman tidak berdosa, memutar badan Neuvillette agar menghadap ke arahnya, membawa kekasihnya dalam ciuman.

"Mmnn.."

Neuvillette mengalungkan tangannya di punggungnya, memperdalam ciuman mereka. Lidah mereka beradu, membuat suara kecupan basah yang terdengar menggema di ruangan tersebut. Kekasihnya menarik rambut bagian belakangnya saat tangannya meremas bokomg sintal tersebut. Nyeri melebur menjadi nikmat, membuat Wriothesley mengerang di dalam mulut Neuvillette.

Kekasihnya memutuskan ciuman mereka, memalingkan wajahnya saat dia mengejar kembali bibir ranum yang basah tersebut. Mulutnya bertemu dengan pipi Neuvillette. Manyun, Wriothesley mengecup pipi tersebut dengan keras (Mwah!), membuat kekasihnya tertawa geli. 

Tubuhnya didorong sembari dia memberi kecupan-kecupan ringan di sekitar wajah dan leher Neuvillette, menikmati desahan yang keluar dari mulut kekasihnya. Tangannya masuk ke dalam jaket yang dikenakan kekasihnya, meraba dan mengelus pinggang ramping Neuvillette, sebelum naik untuk menarik-narik harness dada yang dikenakannya.

*Brak

Saat punggungnya mengenai salah satu loker yang ada di ruangan tersebut, Neuvillette menjauhkan dirinya dari dekapan Wriothesley. Kekasihnya mengecek jam tangannya, sebelum menciumnya singkat, dan mulai berlutut sambil mempertahankan kontak mata dengannya.

"Be a good boy and let me reward you, Wriothesley." Neuvillette tersenyum manis, mendusel dan mencium gundukan di celananya.

Seluruh tubuh Wriothesley bergetar, tangannya bergerak cepat untuk menggenggam rambut Neuvillette. 

*Tak

Neuvillette menepis tangannya, melihatnya dengan tatapan yang tajam.

"Hands off. Kamu mengerti?" Nada bicaranya tiba-tiba berubah dingin, penuh dengan otoritas.

Gila. Mau mainnya kayak gini? Fuck, kekasihnya seksi banget. Wriothesley meneguk ludahnya, merasakan penisnya sudah sangat keras di balik celananya.

"Mengerti.... Tuan." Ucapnya, membawa tangannya ke belakang punggungnya. Matanya tidak pernah lepas dari wajah Neuvillette.

Kekasihnya mengeluarkan dengkuran senang atas kepatuhannya, tangannya bergerak untuk membuka resleting celananya.

Penisnya menampar pipi Neuvillette, keras. Precum mengumpul di lubang kepala penisnya. 

Neuvillette melihatnya seperti hidangan bintang lima. Matanya sayu, pipinya merona, napasnya terengah.

Oh, kacau. 

Kacau.

Pikirannya kacau melihat Neuvillette membuka mulutnya lebar, menjulurkan lidahnya dan menjilat batang penisnya dari bawah sampai atas kepala. Penisnya dimasukkan kedalam rongga mulut yang hangat dan sempit.

"A-aghn.. NEuvi-Kh!!"

Neuvillette mencubit pahanya, memberinya peringatan untuk tidak mengeluarkan suara. Tatapan kekasihnya harusnya tajam, seperti diktator yang tidak menerima penolakan. Namun nafsu memenuhi matanya. Mulutnya yang sedang mengulum kepala penisnya juga membuat tatapan tajam itu tidak terlalu efektif, malah membuat Neuvillette seperti orang yang sedang mabuk seks.

Wriothesley tetap menurutinya, menggertakkan giginya. Tangannya yang terhimpit oleh punggung dan loker di belakangnya mengepal erat.

Be good, be good, be good for Neuvillette.

Neuvillette melanjutkan permainannya setelah memastikan bahwa dirinya sudah menurut. Satu tangannya memegang batang penisnya, mulutnya kembali membuka untuk memperlihatkan lidahnya yang mengelilingi kepala penisnya. Neuvillette menjilat precum yang terus mengalir dari lubang penisnya, sebelum mulutnya kembali mengulum dan menghisap penisnya.

"G-ghn!" Wriothesley menahan erangannya, satu tangannya dia tempelkan ke mulutnya saat tangan Neuvillette yang lain memainkan buah zakarnya.

Wriothesley ingin sekali menghentakkan pinggulnya, menarik rambut Neuvillette. Mengambil alih, menahan kepala kekasihnya agar dia bisa memasukkan penisnya lebih dalam, memajumundurkan pinggulnya agar dia bisa melihat bibir Neuvillette menahan penisnya agar tetap di dalam.

Tapi dia berdiri diam, dengan kaki gemetar, menuruti perintah Neuvillette untuk diam dan menikmati apa yang diberikan oleh kekasihnya.

Pikirannya berkabut, tatapannya hanya fokus pada mata penuh nafsu Neuvillette dan bibir ranumnya yang mengkilap karena cairan precumnya.

Neuvillette menatapnya, sebelum mengkasihani dirinya yang sejujurnya, sudah lama hilang akal sejak kekasihnya menyuruhnya menjadi anak baik. Neuvillette memasukkan penisnya lebih dalam ke mulutnya, membuat Wriothesley menggigit punggung tangannya untuk menahan desahannya. 

Rongga mulut Neuvillette basah. Becek. Panas, membawa kenikmatan luar biasa yang dirasakannya sampai ubun-ubunnya. Dia bisa merasakan datangnya klimaksnya. Wriothesley membuka matanya (sejak kapan dia menutupnya?) saat mendengar suara resleting yang dibuka.

Gila, jika bukan karena tangan Neuvillette yang mengencangkan gengamannya pada pangkal penis Wriothesley, mungkin dia sudah klimaks saat melihat kekasihnya menurunkan celananya sampai paha dan bermain dengan penisnya sendiri.

"S-sir...uhn-"

Dia mendengar suara Neuvillette ('shh, shh' seperti bisikan malaikat), walau aslinya terdengar tidak jelas karena mulut kekasihnya penuh dengan penisnya. Mungkin itu aba-aba untuknya, karena Neuvillette mulai memajumundurkan kepalanya. Matanya fokus menatap bagaimana Neuvillette memainkan penisnya sendiri. Tangannya mengocok penisnya bersamaan dengan gerakan kepalanya, atas bawah, depan belakang.

Bulu mata Neuvillette basah, beberapa bulir air mata mengumpul di sudut matanya. Mata kekasihnya sudah tidak fokus, terlalu mabuk karena hawa nafsu. Wriothesley menyumpah serapah saat melihat tangan Neuvillette turun lebih ke bawah, satu jari masuk ke dalam lubangnya sendiri.

Fuck

 

Fuck

 

FUCK

Wriothesley menahan, dengan seluruh jiwanya untik tidak kehilangan kontrol dan menjadikan Neuvillette mainan seksnya. Membayangkan kekasihnya menungging di lantai loker, lubangnya penuh diisi oleh penis miliknya. Wriothesley tanpa sadar mengeluarkan geraman, membuat Neuvillette mendesah kencang. Desahannya menyebabkan getaran yang dia bisa rasakan di penisnya.

Satu jari berubah menjadi dua, lalu tiga. Neuvillette mempercepat gerakan kepalanya, jarinya juga bergerak lebih cepat, masuk dan keluar dari lubangnya. Wriothesley sadar mereka berdua tidak akan bertahan lebih lama.

In last minute decision, he decided to break the rule. Tangannya bergerak, menyelipkan rambut Neuvillette ke belakang telinganya dan menangkup pipi kekasihnya yang panas.

Sebelum mendorong kepala Neuvillette sampai pangkal hidungnya menempel pada pubis Wriothesley.

Penisnya menghantam tenggorokan kekasihnya, membuat Neuvillette tersedak, rongga mulutnya menyempit. Beberapa bulir air mata jatuh mengalir di pipinya.

"Aghn!"

"MMnn!!"

Mereka berdua mencapai klimaks. Wriothesley membungkuk, seluruh tubuhnya gemetar. Dia mendesah saat merasakan Neuvillette yang kesusahan menelan seluruh spermanya, menghisap dan meneguk penisnya yang sekarang sangat sensitif.

"Pwah." 

Neuvillette mengeluarkan penisnya, lalu batuk, seluruh tubuhnya juga gemetar. Wriothesley dengan cepat berlutut didepan kekasihnya, menghindari sperma Neuvillette yang mengotori lantai ruang loker tersebut. Dia tidak menyimpan sapu tangan di pakaiannya, sehingga dia menggunakan ujung jaketnya untuk mengelap air mata dan sisa pelepasannya dari muka Neuvillette.

Muka Neuvillette masih sedikit merona, tetapi tatapan sayu kekasihnya yang membuat penisnya berkedut (ah, dia lupa naikkin celananya). Kekasihnya melihat penisnya dengan tatapan datar, sebelum melirik ke jam tangannya.

"Waktu habis."

"Huh?"

Kekasihnya bergerak untuk bangun, dengan kaki yang gemetar. Wriothesley mengulurkan tangan, berniat membantu. Neuvillette menghindarinya dengan elegan.

...Huh?

"Tadinya aku ingin menghukummu karena sudah melanggar perintahku." Ucap kekasihnya sambil membereskan pakaian dan rambutnya yang berantakan.

Wriothesley tentunya 'tidak' bergidik mendengar intonasi suara Neuvillette.

"Tapi aku akan memberimu kesempatan... untuk memperbaiki kesalahanmu" tatapan Neuvillette berubah menjadi sugestif.

"Menangkan pertandingannya, Wriothesley. Then I'm all yours."

Wriothesley memperhatikan kekasihnya berjalan menuju pintu dengan mulut menganga.

"Ah, be good. Beresin semuanya ya sebelum kamu keluar." Mata kekasihnya kembali melirik ke bagian bawah tubuhnya, yang sudah siap dipakai kembali, sebelum dia keluar dari ruangan.

Menyisakan dirinya yang berdiri seperti orang gila dengan belalainya yang bergelantungan di bawah sana.

"You're such... A goddamn tease." Erangnya.

Jika ada rumor soal suara gaib dari dalam loker (hantunya marah-marah, menggerutu, ngedumel, ada suara kayak orang nangis), pokoknya itu bukan dia.

.

.

.

Wriothesley menancap gas, membawa mobil Neuvillette lebih kencang di jalanan yang sepi itu. Pandangannya fokus ke jalan, walau otaknya sudah ke mana-mana. 

Mood-nya jelek. Dia masih menahan rasa kesal karena upacara kemenangannya (pemberian medali, foto bersama, dan hal yang tidak penting lainnya) memakan waktu terlalu lama. Dia tadinya ingin membawa mobil balapnya untuk jalan-jalan bersama kekasihnya, tapi dibantah ("Maintenance, Wriothesley. Mobilmu tidak boleh dipakai hingga selesai.")

.....haaah

Rasa jengkelnya membuatnya ingin sekali membuang medali emas yang menggantung di lehernya. Baginya, tidak ada hadiah yang lebih baik daripada kekasihnya.

Tapi Neuvillette, yang sekarang duduk di jok sebelahnya, menyuruhnya untuk tetap memakai medali tersebut, tersenyum bangga dengan pipi yang merona. Dan Wriothesley? Wriothesley mana bisa menolak permintaan kekasihnya saat itu. He's a weak man.

"Wriothesley, fokus ke jalan."

"Aku dari tadi liatin jalan kok"

"Hu-um, tapi kamu ga fokus."

"... iya maaf, aku sekarang fokus."

"Mm... Kita mau kemana?"

"...Liat aja ntar~"

Wriothesley mendengar kekasihnya mendengus, membuatnya terkekeh. Suasana hatinya mulai membaik. Dia menaikkan gigi mobil, menaikkan kecepatannya hingga pemandangan di luar mulai buram dimatanya.

"Kamu nyiapin diri kamu aja."

"Buat?"

"Buat aku lah. I'm not gonna let you go tonight, baby."

"Ah... Aku juga sudah siap... Kalau gitu aku serahkan semua padamu, sayang"

Dia tidak perlu melihat wajah Neuvillette untuk tau bahwa kekasihnya 'ingin'. Neuvillette pun tau seberapa besarnya 'hasrat' Wriothesley saat ini. 

Seketika hawa di dalam mobil ber-AC tersebut menjadi hangat. 

Dia jadi tidak sabar sampai di tempat spesial mereka malam ini.

.

Wriothesley memakirkan mobil kekasihnya saat sampai di tempat tujuan. Dia menemukan tempat ini saat sedang cari angin. Dekat dengan bukit, jauh dari perkotaan, dan yang paling penting, sepi.

"Ke belakang. Sekarang." Perintahnya (walau sejujurnya terdengar seperti sedang memelas), menunjuk kursi penumpang.

Mereka berdua tidak menghabiskan banyak waktu untuk berpindah. Neuvillette duduk di pinggir kursi penumpang, seluruh badannya tertutup oleh badan Wriothesley yang berdiri di depan pintu tersebut.

"I win, right? Do you keep your promise, Neuvi?"

Wriothesley sedikit membungkuk, tangannya menaikkan dagu Neuvillette agar menatapnya. Wajah kekasihnya sudah merona semenjak tadi, menatapnya dengan sayu. Neuvillette mengangguk.

"I do. Sini, kamu mau aku seperti apa?" 

Kekasihnya menarik lengannya, membuat setengah badannya masuk ke dalam mobil. Mereka mengecup bibir satu sama lain, sebelum memperdalam ciuman. 

Satu tangan Wriothesley menopang dirinya saat Neuvillette mulai menidurkan dirinya di atas kursi mobil. Tangan yang satunya menarik pinggang kekasihnya ke tubuhnya, membuat kaki Neuvillette keluar dari mobil, memelukbpinggang Wriothesley. Kekasihnya mendesah kencang saat penis mereka bergesekan.

"Kayak gini aja. Fuck.. lemme have my way with you. Aku ga bisa nahan diri lagi semenjak kamu ninggalin aku di loker kemarin" 

Dia mencari ekspresi tidak nyaman atau penolakan dari Neuvillette, karena inilah pertama kali mereka berdua akan melakukan kegiatan seks di tempat terbuka, dan kekasihnya adalah orang yang menyukai privasinya. Tapi yang dia temukan adalah tatapan penuh nafsu dan tidak sabaran.

"Lakukan saja sesukamu, sayang."

Oh, he's so good to him.

Wriothesley menciumnya, tangannya mulai melucuti pakaian Neuvillette. Kecupannya turun ke leher saat jaket kekasihnya sudah lepas, menghisap kencang kulit di atas tulang selangka Neuvillette. Dia mengangkat tubuh kekasihnya untuk melepas kaos putih dan harness dada yang dikenakan pria tersebut. Wriothesley memperhatikan harness tersebut, sebelum memasangnya kembali di bawah dada kekasihnya.

Kekasihnya mendesah saat dinginnya bagian metal harness tersebut menyentuh kulitnya yang panas. Neuvillette mendorong kepalanya ke arah dadanya, mengelus-elus rambutnya saat mulut dan tangan Wriothesley bermain dengan putingnya. Lidahnya menekan dan menyentil puting kemerahan tersebut, sebelum menghisapnya, membuat punggung Neuvillette ikut naik.

"M-mn! Ah.. sayang..."

Neuvillette menyentakkan pinggangnya, tidak sabar. Wriothesley terkekeh, tidak menggubris kode dari kekasihnya. Dia terus bermain dengan puting yang semakin memerah. Tangannya kadang turun kebawah sekedar untuk mengelus perut dan menekan-nekan spot dimana biasanya penisnya menyembul. Dia menahan pinggul Neuvillette yang terus bergerak, membuat kekasihnya merengek.

"W-wriothesley.."

"Mm? Ada apa, cinta?"

"Aku sudah si-Ah! ..Siap." 

"?"

Matanya menatap mata Neuvillette yang mulai berkaca-kaca. Otaknya memproses perkataan kekasihnya, sebelum semuanya 'klik'. Pipi merona, tidak sabaran, kata sudah siap.

Fuck, serius?

Wriothesley dengan cepat menelanjangkan kaki Neuvillette, memaksa lepasnya garter paha yang kekasihnya kenakan. Dia mengangkat kedua kaki pria tersebut, memperlihatkan bokongnya. 

Plug hitam tersimpan manis di dalam lubang Neuvillette yang basah. Lubang itu berkedut, dan Wriothesley melihat bagaimana plug tersebut semakin masuk ke dalam tubuh Neuvillette.

Kepalanya berputar. Gila, dia mungkin sudah gila, siap mati karena kelakuan kekasihnya. Sejak kapan Neuvillette memakai plug? Apakah dari pagi? Kekasihnya memainkan lubangnya sendiri, memasukkan dan menyimpan plug di dalam dirinya seharian, di antara kerumunan orang. Mempersiapkan lubangnya agar bisa dipakai untuk dirinya.

Tangannya menyentuh ujung plug tersebut, lalu perlahan menariknya keluar. Ukuran plug tersebut tidak sepanjang dan selebar dirinya, namun dia tahu itu cukup untuk mengenai prostat Neuvillette. Kekasihnya mendesah, ekspresinya menanti saat dimana plug tersebut diganti oleh milik Wriothesley.

Wriothesley memasukkan plug tersebut ke dalam Neuvillette, mendorongnya dengan kuat. 

"A-AKhNn!!"

Gerakannya cepat dan kasar, tidak memberi ampun kepada kekasihnya. Tidak usah juga, karena Neuvillette semakin mendesah keenakan, dadanya busung, kakinya bergetar, mencoba menutup tetapi ditahan oleh tubuh dan tangan Wriothesley.

Desahan 'ah, ahn, ah' Neuvillette semakin kencang, membuatnya semakin kasar, mendorong plug semakin dalam, menekan-nekan bagian prostat kekasihnya. Saat Neuvillette sudah semakin dekat mencapai pelepasan, Wriothesley memberhentikan gerakannya.

"A-ah.. ah, ah... Mmmnnng, W-wriothesley.."

"Beg for me. Bilang kamu mau apa."

Wriothesley mengeluarkan plug tersebut, membuat suara rengekan keluar dari mulut Neuvillette. Ekspresinya memelas, kekasihnya menggigit bibirnya dan menjilatnya.

"Aku mau kamu, sayang. Mau penis kamu di dalem... Di dalem sini."

Jemari Neuvillette melebarkan lubangnya, memperlihatkan basah dan longgarnya lubang tersebut.

Wriothesley membuka resleting celananya.

"Lagi. Apa lagi yang kamu mau?"

Kekasihnya meneguk ludahnya

"Mau kamu mainin dadaku."

Wriothesley mengocok penisnya, melihat kekasihnya mulai hilang fokus.

"Trus?"

Neuvillette menekan spot di perutnya

"Mau ngerasain kamu sampai di sini."

Dia mengerang, membawa penisnya ke depan lubang Neuvillette.

"Apa lagi?"

Neuvillette menarik dirinya ke dalam mobil, kakinya memeluk pinggang Wriothesley.

"I want you to be a good boy and fuck me hard, Wriothesley. Please.."

Mulut mereka bertemu dalam ciuman yang berantakan, penuh nafsu. Wriothesley memasukkan seluruh penisnya dalam satu hentakan, merasakan panas dan eratnya Neuvillette. Dia menggerakkan pinggulnya, lebih cepat, lebih kasar dari saat dia menggunakan plug. Medali emasnya memantul mengikuti gerakan tubuhnya.

Dia memperangkap tubuh Neuvillette, menciumi seluruh bagian yang mulutnya temui. Tangannya menarik dan memelintir puting kekasihnya, sebelum menekan penisnya yang berada dibalik perut Neuvillette. Mereka berdua mendesah di depan mulut masing-masing. Kekasihnya mencengkram pundaknya, membawanya kembali dalam ciuman. 

Kekasihnya mencapai klimaksnya pertama, menggigit bagian antara pundak dan lehernya. Wriothesley mengerang saat lubang Neuvillette menyempit. Dia menghentakkan pinggangnya, gerakannya menjadi berantakan, mencoba masuk lebih dalam, mengejar pelepasannya. Dia mencapai klimaks saat kekasihnya membisikkan kalimat demi kalimat sayang ke telinganya. 

Wriothesley mengeluarkan penisnya, sebelum merangkak memasuki mobil, menutup pintu tersebut. Mereka berdua mengatur napas, Neuvillette naik ke atas pangkuannya. Dia memeluk Neuvillette, memakaikan jaketnya ke pria tersebut. Dia lalu mengambil tisu dan botol minum, membersihkan diri mereka.

Neuvillette menjatuhkan diri ke tubuhnya setelah menghabiskan air didalam botol tersebut. Mereka saling bertatapan sebelum mulutnya kembali mengejar mulut kekasihnya. Wriothesley merasakan tubuhnya rileks, seluruh adrenalin dari pertandingannya tadi lenyap. Kekasihnya menggaruk kulit kepalanya, membuatnya semakin mendusel ke pundak Neuvillette. Kekasihnya tertawa, mencium pucuk kepalanya, berbisik.

"Mau lagi?"

Oh, Ooh! kalau ditanya seperti itu, jawabannya sih cuman satu.

Wriothesley menyeringai, akhirnya melepas juga medali emasnya. Dia memakaikan medali itu kepada kekasihnya. Pemandangan Neuvillette yang duduk manis di atas pangkuannya, memakai jaketnya, medali emasnya, dengan harness dada membuat penisnya bangun, siap untuk ronde kedua.

"Come ride me, baby."

If asked, Jo Young-jae couldn’t have said why he came up to the roof.

Only that it was quiet.

Downstairs, at first he’d drowned out the events of the past few days, the thoughts steaming and searing in his head, with the ruckus of the others partying, eating and drinking, chasing each other around and screaming, anything to let out the stress and relax. But it hadn’t been enough, and eventually it had started chafing. His smile, too, made to match the others’, began to feel numb on his face.

When he took the gun, he had the idea of going and shooting Kim Yo-han. The good doctor, who had made Jo Young-jae even lower and dirtier than he already was. Who had made Young-jae, for the first time in his life, hate himself.

But he had ended up on the roof.

There was still time to go shoot Kim Yo-han later. He didn’t want to see the man’s face. Or his own face, in the detention room window’s glass. Or what the others would look like, when they’d seen that he’d shot him. Though that kind of fear and disgust would still be better than the friendly, naïve way they had played around with him downstairs. Thinking, we’ve all been rescued, we’ve come out of the danger together, we’re all friends now. Not knowing that one of them was a monster in human skin.

The wind and the snow, the searing cold and the dark and the quiet—they soothed him just enough that he could think. And the more he thought, the more hate built up in him. For himself, for Kim Yo-han, for—

A creaking, a crunch, sounds out of place in the stillness. He’d been sitting on the edge of the roof, looking out on the view of the campus courtyard. Now he looked back over his shoulder to see Park Moo-yul closing the door to the roof behind him, and stepping out.

In the darkness, Young-jae could still see a smile on his face.

“Jo Young-jae,” he called out. “So you were out here! We all wondered where you went.”

Young-jae shrugged.

“Eun-sung said you were upset,” Moo-yul said, walking closer. “Why don’t you come back down? We’ve all been drinking. We probably shouldn’t be out on the roof.”

He was getting too close. Young-jae swung his legs back over the edge of the roof and stood up. That was better. For a second, Moo-yul had been looming over him. Smug, superior little bitch. Just like Yoon Eun-sung. And they’d been talking about him, talking, talking. He wondered what they’d said.

“Jo Young-jae—”

“Yah, Park Moo-yul, do you think you can lecture me? Who do you think you are?” Young-jae swung a hand up to gesture, and saw Moo-yul flinch, then still, deliberately calming himself. He started a bit too, then laughed.

He’d forgotten he was holding a gun.

He gestured with it casually. “Look what I got? Mad Mi-reu really just left it lying around.” Playfully, he pointed it at Moo-yul. A game Kang Mi-reu had been playing a lot earlier, pointing the gun at people at random, making everyone flinch and yell and scold.

Moo-yul said, “We should go inside.”

His hand tightened. Not the finger on the trigger, of course. He wasn’t careless.

Moo-yul wasn’t smiling anymore. He wasn’t even playful-mad, like he would be at Kang Mi-reu. Just impatient.

Like he didn’t even have time for Young-jae.

Young-jae stepped closer. “Hey, Park Moo-yul. Who do you think I am, anyway?”

Moo-yul said nothing.

“I could shoot you,” Young-jae said. “I could actually shoot you, you know. That doctor’s not so unique. If you have a gun, anyone can do it.” He raised the gun a little higher, pointing at Moo-yul’s head instead of his chest. “I might.”

“You can’t shoot that thing,” Moo-yul said. “Listen, Jo Young-jae—”

“I can!” Young-jae yelled. “I can if I want! And I might fucking do it, so just shut up.”

Moo-yul’s eyes flickered away, behind Young-jae, back, to the gun, to Young-jae’s face. Rested there, on his face. He bit his lip, but didn’t say anything. He’d shut up.

He’d done what Young-jae told him. Park Moo-yul, the bossy, prim little straight-A student who always told everyone else to do, who didn’t listen to even Kang Mi-reu, who talked back even to Kim Yo-han, had done what Young-jae told him.

Something in Young-jae thumped.

Something in Young-jae purred.

His mouth twisted. “Get on your knees,” he said.

And Park Moo-yul knelt.

 

 

Park Moo-yul coming out on the roof had been a matter of election.

When they realized Jo Young-jae had disappeared with the gun after saying a lot of ominous things to Eun-sung, everyone had been worried. Moo-yul had run downstairs to check on the doctor at first, with everyone following behind him, but when Young-jae wasn’t there, they’d all been at a loss.

“Jo the Plague wandering the school with a gun?” Yang Kang-mo groaned. “He was bad enough already.”

Kang Mi-reu said, “The gun isn’t loaded.” When everyone looked at him, he raised his eyebrows. “I’m not actually stupid. A loaded gun near a bunch of drunk people? I took the bullets out earlier.”

A collective sigh of relief.

“Still,” Moo-yul said. “It’s not a good situation. Jo Young-jae was with the doctor earlier, and we don’t know what happened, even if they were interrupted. I don’t like the thought of him alone if he’s…” In the sort of mood Eun-sung had described, which was a bit hard to pinpoint. Angry. Depressed.

Unstable.

Mi-reu agreed, and brought out his computer to view the security cameras. They all clambered around, and after a couple minutes they located Young-jae on the school roof. There was only one security camera up there and no light; they could barely catch a glimpse of his back, but they could tell he was sitting on the edge of the roof, legs dangling off the side.

Yoon Su whistled. “He’s gone crazy.”

Lee Jae-kyu said, “Maybe he just wants to be alone.”

“With a gun? On the roof?” Yang Kang-mo was disbelieving. “Sure, he probably just wants to relax. Let’s all leave him up there and tomorrow we can see another body under the zelkova tree!”

Everyone flinched.

The teacher. Choi Chi-hoon. Kim Jin-su.

Moo-yul said, “We need to get the gun away from him and get him inside.”

“It can’t be all of us,” Yoon Su said. “He’ll freak out.”

“No. Just one.”

Yoon Su suggested, “How about Yoon Eun-sung? She knows how it feels.”

To want to attempt suicide.

Eun-sung gave him a look. “Jo Young-jae won’t calm down if I’m up there. I set him off. We set each other off.” She sighed. “He’d probably jump off just to prove a point.”

Yoon Su said. “Oh.” He considered. “Park Moo-yul?”

Everyone glanced at each other. No one had any objections. Moo-yul ran through other options in his head half-heartedly: Kang Mi-reu would freak Jo Young-jae out, Yang Kang-mo or Yoon Su would just piss him off, Lee Jae-kyu… well, he might do fine. But he wasn’t offering.

Choi Chi-hoon might have had a better idea. Or might have known better how to talk someone down. He wasn’t good at emotions, but he was good at deflating them, sometimes.

If Choi Chi-hoon had been here, maybe Jo Young-jae wouldn’t be doing this anyway. Everything would be different.

Moo-yul went up to the roof.

Young-jae was touchy. At least he got up from his seat on the roof’s edge. But he wouldn’t step more than a foot away from it, even when Moo-yul tried to coax him to go inside. Not if Moo-yul smiled, not if Moo-yul tried to take him more seriously. Not for anything.

He was clinging to the gun like a comfort blanket. Or a lifeline. It was fine—it wasn’t loaded, Moo-yul didn’t mind it—but he was clearly in a bad state of mind. And when Moo-yul tried to explain that he couldn’t really shoot, he snapped.

Moo-yul decided, for the moment, it was better not to argue. If Young-jae was so freaked out right now that he needed to believe he could shoot someone if he had to, Moo-yul could let him believe it, at least until he calmed down.

Fighting Young-jae wouldn’t help anything. Arguing verbally could too easily turn into fighting physically, and they were way too close to the edge of the roof. Moo-yul wasn’t going to go there. If Young-jae needed him to shut up, he could shut up, for the moment.

If Young-jae needed him to kneel, to feel in control, Moo-yul could kneel.

Snow covered the roof, soft and cold and wet under Moo-yul’s knees. He looked up at Young-jae. Young-jae stepped a little closer (further from the roof’s edge—a good thing) and placed the tip of the gun on Moo-yul’s forehead. Moo-yul breathed slowly. The gun wasn’t loaded. It was just that it reminded him of Kim Yo-han doing the same thing the day before.

The gun paused. Then it lowered, and the tip rested on Moo-yul’s lips. Young-jae said, “Suck it.”

“What?”

“Open your mouth,” Young-jae said. He kicked Moo-yul’s leg, sharp but not too hard, and pushed the gun against Moo-yul’s lips. Moo-yul’s mouth had curled slightly at the kick, but hadn’t opened. Young-jae said, “Open your mouth or I’ll shoot you.”

It didn’t matter, Moo-yul reminded himself. Young-jae was a bully. He bullied people to feel superior, to feel secure, maybe even to feel safe. Bullying someone a little would calm him down. Moo-yul had seen him be much meaner to Yang Kang-mo.

He opened his mouth slightly, and Young-jae shoved the gun in, fast and hard, making Moo-yul gag as it hit the back of his mouth. He rocked back, but Young-jae grabbed his shoulder and held him in place. “I told you to suck it, so suck it. Don’t think you can get away from me.”

Moo-yul obediently sucked.

The snow was cold under his knees, and he might have expected the metal of the gun to be cold as well, but it was warm. Young-jae’s hand must have warmed it—maybe he had even been stroking the barrel. It had a sickly metallic taste, and the warmth was in no way comforting. It made Moo-yul think, for a moment, of how it must heat up when fired.

It must have been this warm, warmer, when Kim Yo-han shot Choi Chi-hoon.

Choi Chi-hoon. A bullet out of this gun had killed him. The doctor had yet to tell them where the body was; they didn’t know any other details either. Whether he’d been shot in the heart, the stomach, the head. Moo-yul didn’t think the doctor would have shot him in the mouth like this. He wasn’t a sadist, or rather, he wasn’t that type of sadist, not like Young-jae. He liked things clean. There would be no traces of dried saliva on the barrel of the gun, only traces of gunpowder. But the gunpowder was still, in its own way, a trace of Chi-hoon.

I’m sorry, Moo-yul thought. The back of his throat was sore; Young-jae pushed the gun in deeper, as if there was any room left, as if Moo-yul could swallow it. Small things like this didn’t matter if Moo-yul could fix just one thing. He sucked the gun, taking it in. Kim Yo-han should have thought him, there on the ground in the cafeteria. If he’d shot him then and there, a life for a life, there would have been no need to find someone else to slaughter as punishment.

Now anything Moo-yul did was useless.

Young-jae’s hand stroked his hair. “What a good boy you are,” he said. His voice was calmer now, steadier, though it still carried a sneer. “If the teachers could see you right now, I’m sure they’d give an A plus. You just do anything you’re told, don’t you?” A yank to the hair, pulling him forward. He gagged on the gun. Young-jae was laughing incredulously, a little hysterically. “Everyone thinks you’re so smart and so perfect and so much better than anyone else, but all you do is whatever anyone tells you. And when you don’t, you just fuck up! What’s so great about you, huh?”

Nothing. Moo-yul knew. He sucked down hard on the gun, so hard his lips almost hurt. Young-jae let go of his hair with another broken little laugh. “I guess you’re still perfect. You’re perfect at sucking. You’d be perfect at sucking cock.”

The innuendo had been there to begin with. But it still made Moo-yul twitch, and look up at Young-jae sharply. Young-jae’s laughter faded. He swirled the gun in Moo-yul’s mouth, pushing it against one cheek, then another. “What’s with that look? You still think you’re better than me?”

Abruptly, he pulled the gun out. Moo-yul instinctively sucked down on it, half-trying to keep it in; it came out with a wet pop. Young-jae held it loosely and absent-mindedly in one hand. The other was undoing his zipper.

Moo-yul took a deep breath. Cold air flooded the soreness in the back of his throat.

He didn’t think Young-jae had ever done anything like this to Yang Kang-mo. Maybe not to anyone before. He hoped not.

Letting Young-jae escalate—was that something he could do? Was that something he should do? He’d let Young-jae bully him a little to calm him down and get him away from the edge of the roof. He couldn’t really say at this point whether Young-jae had gotten any calmer or gotten worse.

Young-jae had his pants open and pulled out his cock. He stepped closer. The cock was already hard and dripping, red and close in Moo-yul’s face. “Go on. Suck it.”

Moo-yul wet his lips. “Jo—”

A hand gripped his chin, holding his mouth open. He pulled away, weakly, unsure if he meant it, unsure if he meant to let this happen—he couldn’t, he knew, it wasn’t right, it had gone too far—but warm, wet flesh touched his lips. He couldn’t even speak without speaking against it, and the grip Young-jae had on him made it hard to move his mouth. One-handed grip. The other hand pushed the gun, still damp with his saliva, against his ear. “I can still shoot you. Suck it. Go on, perfect student. No one’s going to know, and no one’s going to come help you. You can suck it, or I can shoot you right now.”

The problem—well, the problem among a million other problems—was that Young-jae was wrong.

Maybe no one was coming to help him. But everyone would know.

Because a few feet behind that door, he knew, they were watching the camera.

 

 

Lee Jae-kyu said, “Should we go out there?”

The security camera did not have a great view of the roof. But with Moo-yul kneeling and Young-jae facing the camera, which hung above the door, it was still possible to see what was going on.

They didn’t have audio, and could only sort of hear what was going on outside through the roof door. But they could see when Young-jae came over to Moo-yul, see when he pointed the gun, see when he made Moo-yul kneel and suck it. And now, in blurry pixels, they could see he’d taken out his dick.

Kang Mi-reu said, tensely, “Park Moo-yul hasn’t called out.”

They’d come up with a signal, before Moo-yul headed out, just in case Moo-yul couldn’t handle it alone. If he needed help, he would raise one hand high over his head, and they would come immediately.

Moo-yul’s hands weren’t over his head. They weren’t even trying to push Young-jae off. They were clenched beside his legs, unmoving.

“If we go out, it could make the situation go out of control,” Kang Mi-reu said. “Park Moo-yul wanted to handle this. We don’t do anything until he asks us to.”

Yoon Su said, “It’s sexual harassment.”

“It’s sexual assault,” Yoon Eun-sung corrected. “If he really made Moo-yul do it. But he couldn’t make Moo-yul do it if he didn’t want to.”

Onscreen, Moo-yul inched forward slightly, and his head overlapped Young-jae’s groin, covering up what was happening. Young-jae’s head tilted back slightly, mouth opening.

Eun-sung made a disgusted sound. “He’s a fucking martyr. He’ll do anything if he can pretend he’s saving someone. If he wants to throw it away, why should we interfere?”

She didn’t specify what she meant by “it”.

Jae-kyu said, “Still…”

“Do you want to go out there?” Yang Kang-mo said.

“Ah.”

“He’s Park Moo-yul,” Kang-mo said. “Let him deal with it. Anyway, he can handle Jo Young-jae better than most people.”

Moo-yul had hauled Young-jae off Kang-mo more than once when Young-jae was in the middle of delivering a beatdown. It wasn’t pity, Kang-mo didn’t think. He would have hated Moo-yul if it was pity. But it always seemed more like a desire for things to be orderly; if he saw something going on in front of him he couldn’t condone, he had to stop it. Otherwise, it would bother him. He never asked Kang-mo if he was okay or tried to befriend him. He just made it clear that in front of him, there would be no overt violence.

Kang-mo couldn’t resent him for that. His presence could be convenient without making Kang-mo feel indebted to him, or looked down upon. He kind of liked that.

And he kind of admired Moo-yul’s strength. Beneath jackets and sweaters, he hid a fair amount of muscle and a lot of conviction and efficiency.

A hand on Moo-yul’s jaw and an empty gun wouldn’t be enough to make Moo-yul submit to rape. Kang-mo knew that, even if the others here just pretended to believe it. Moo-yul had decided, for whatever reason, he wanted to let Young-jae do it. And Kang-mo…

Kang-mo wished the camera showed Moo-yul’s face. The way his lips looked wrapped around a cock. The look in his eyes. He thought they must look determined, the way they did sometimes during arguments with Eun-sung, right after their break-up, when Moo-yul was still worried about her all the time and still thought he could get through to her, when he was still trying to push her to get back together. Kang-mo had taken some pictures of that. Eun-sung distant and mocking, and Moo-yul half anguished and desperate, half self-righteously determined. At the time he’d thought, I could be like that too, for Eun-sung. I would feel that way. He could almost convince himself he did feel that way, inflamed instead of just distantly, painfully longing.

He'd imagined himself experiencing Moo-yul’s pain, craved it as his own. But he’d never pictured Moo-yul at Young-jae’s feet, taking on Kang-mo’s own traumas.

Young-jae had never raped him, of course. Never touched him like that.

But then, of course he hadn’t. He didn’t find Kang-mo attractive—no one did.

While no one could help but crave Moo-yul.

His fingers twitched. Days since he’d had access to his camera. He wanted to go out there unseen, slip like a ghost to the edge of the roof, take pictures from a side angle. He didn’t usually take pictures of Moo-yul solo. Only a few, and he never kept them. Somehow it seemed even more forbidden than keeping pictures of Eun-sung.

Young-jae would be so, so angry if he had a picture of this. If he could claim this moment as his, just a little—record Young-jae, the monster, losing control, and Moo-yul, the righteous sacrifice, taking him into his mouth, letting himself be used and defiled. Good and evil, pain and pleasure, courage and fear: it would all be in there. Kang-mo would find a place to hide it where no one could take it away from him.

Instead, he stood in here with the others, watching the cameras while Young-jae claimed Moo-yul as his unhindered. He could download the video from the security system later, maybe. If Kang Mi-reu didn’t delete it first.

 

 

 Young-jae gasped.

Watching Moo-yul suck the gun had been one thing, but this, this…

Moo-yul’s mouth was warm around him. And Young-jae had been right. He was perfect at sucking cock. He couldn’t even be sarcastic about it in his own head, couldn’t even deride it, could barely keep his fingers closed on the gun without letting it drop. It was too fucking intense. Like, Young-jae had jerked off, he was supposed to know what this was supposed to be like, and he hadn’t seen it coming. It was so good, the warmth, the suction, the movement of Moo-yul’s tongue. Even the feeling of Moo-yul’s hair, soft under his hand, contributed something.

He'd never known it would be like this. If he’d known, some part of him said, he would have done it a long time ago.

Like he could have. Like Moo-yul would ever give him a blowjob, or even the time of day, without a gun to his head. But that didn’t matter. He was sucking Young-jae now, and he was perfect, and he was Young-jae’s, and Young-jae could do whatever he wanted with him—

And Young-jae came with a jerk, come spilling in Moo-yul’s mouth, making him choke and gag.

He gasped for breath, heart still pounding. Moo-yul pulled off him, equally out of breath. They regarded each other unsteadily.

Moo-yul said, “Will you come inside now?”

Something about the hoarse melancholy of his voice made Young-jae stagger backwards—one step, two—and then Moo-yul was on his feet suddenly and grabbing him, hauling him forwards. Young-jae reacted on instinct, shoving back, and they were wrestling, Young-jae one handed and at a disadvantage but Moo-yul stiff from kneeling in the snow, and also one-handed for some reason. His other hand shot up in the air, waving over his head.

A crash came from behind Moo-yul. The door to the roof burst open, and people spilled out onto the roof all at once: Lee Jae-kyu, Kang Mi-reu, Yang Kang-mo, Yoon Su, Yoon Eun-sung.

Young-jae panted. “All of you, huh? You’re too late.”

They began to come over. Young-jae brought the gun up, waved it at the crowd, finally settled on Kang Mi-reu. “Stay where you are. I’ll shoot.”

Moo-yul had stilled. One arm was still wrapped around Young-jae from where he’d been trying to haul him forward; their bodies were pressed together from wrestling. He was warm. It was almost an embrace. Young-jae could pretend, a little; they were boyfriends, and they’d been having a little fun until everyone broke in on them. He could pretend his arm, also wrapped around Moo-yul, was protective. That he wasn’t basically holding Moo-yul hostage. Whatever. He hadn’t shot Moo-yul, and he wouldn’t. He could shoot someone else though. He could. If they moved.

Kang Mi-reu stepped forward, and Young-jae squeezed the trigger.

It clicked.

Nothing.

“The gun’s not loaded,” Kang Mi-reu said. “I took the bullets out earlier, Jo Young-jae. Let go of him and get over here.”

They came at him all at once, Kang Mi-reu and Yoon Su and Yang Kang-mo and Lee Jae-kyu, everyone but Eun-sung, who still lingered near the doorway, watching with disdainful eyes. Kang Mi-reu and Yoon Su grabbed Young-jae and dragged him forward, while Lee Jae-kyu detached Moo-yul and pulled him away. Yang Kang-mo was—Young-jae wasn’t sure what he was doing, but he was right there too, in the thick of it, watching with unreadable eyes. Bastard. Letter sender. If it weren’t for him, none of this would have happened. Young-jae wanted to kill him, but he wanted to kill himself more.

He was inside within seconds, door shutting firmly behind him. Eun-sung hadn’t come in; neither had Lee Jae-kyu or Yang Kang-mo or Moo-yul. They were all still out on the roof. Young-jae fought, trying to get back to the door. It wasn’t fair. Why did they have to come and take Moo-yul away from him, as if he were some kind of monster that couldn’t be trusted with him, as if—

Well, he knew what he was, and he knew what he’d done, and he knew it was fair, and he knew he shouldn’t have done it, but still, still, still, still, still!

They dragged him downstairs. Kang Mi-reu said, “Are you calm yet?”

“Why the fuck would I be calm! Why the fuck should I!”

“He wanted to calm you down. We all did,” Kang Mi-reu said. “Park Moo-yul did all that for you, even though he knew the gun wasn’t loaded. He didn’t have to do anything. Personally, I wouldn’t have gone that far for you. So maybe you should take a deep breath and stop throwing a temper tantrum. You little asshole.”

“Who cares about Park Moo-yul,” Young-jae said. “You’re saying he knew? So he was just playing with me?” His head spun. “That jerk. He really was just playing with me?”

Kang Mi-reu slapped him. He clutched his cheek, eyes wide.

Yoon Su laughed, short and harsh.

Young-jae pulled away from them and began walking down the stairs on his own power. Park Moo-yul, his lips wrapped around the gun, sucking like a porn star. Park Moo-yul, warm and wet, mouth stretched around Young-jae’s cock, Young-jae taking him, Young-jae, for just a moment, owning him completely, having him completely.

It had been a lie. Moo-yul had let him have it. Noblesse oblige.

His fists clenched. He’d lost the gun at some point. Apparently, it had never been worth shit anyway. Apparently, it had been impotent the entire time. He still had his fists, but if he saw Moo-yul again, he knew he wouldn’t be able to use them. He would freeze up in front of him, the way he had many, many times before.

 

 

It was past midnight when Kang Mi-reu went back to check on Kim Yo-han one last time.

He came back with news: Choi Chi-hoon was alive.

Young-jae watched Moo-yul throw himself at Choi Chi-hoon with all the others, pounding his back and grabbing at him, dragging him down the hallway, a grin splitting his face from ear to ear. Young-jae was smiling too. It was numb on his face, but easier to hold than it had been earlier. Somehow.

Everything was back to how it should be. All the cracks—fixed.

(Even if it made Young-jae want to break everything all over again.)

Chan rarely uses hookup apps anymore. He's had plenty of mediocre sex over the years and his own fair share of horror stories to match.

At first, he'd been a little too excited, a little too naive– expected way more than what he ever got out of any of the meetings– and ended up dissatisfied and maybe even a little insecure most of the time. It wasn't like they were all bad, he at least had fun sometimes, but it was never quite... enough.

The thing is, he's not even exactly looking to make a thing with anyone, and he certainly isn't looking for love. He really does just want a little fun. To maybe have his pleasure be the focus every once a while, if he's lucky. But even though he's always been nothing but truthful about his predicament, had people tell him they'd love to play with him, they usually all ended up the same way: skipping majority of the foreplay, making fun of his cock a little, and coming before Chan even had a chance.

And don't get him wrong, he likes a little degradation as much as the next guy, but it can get a bit stale. Especially when they barely even touch him. Like, he gets that he's got a pretty nice ass, but his dick deserves some love too!

Meeting Jeongin had been a stroke of what Chan can only describe as god-tier luck. As soon as he'd received the message dude i am so serious i have literally never seen a more perfect dick in my life, he somehow knew this would be different.

They'd also chatted for several days before Jeongin even mentioned meeting up, and for some reason, that alone had made Chan's insides swirl. From endearment or anticipation, he wasn't sure. But it was easy to spill his sexual interests to him, easy to fuck himself silly to their text messages, and easier than ever to accept his offer to get something at a cafe and go back to his place.

 

Both nervous and excited, Chan tries not to get his hopes up too high as Jeongin guides him into his apartment, their fingers twined. But when heated kissing eventually leads to his pants on the floor of Jeongin's bedroom...

"It looks even smaller in person," Jeongin says, eyes lighting up like a kid on Christmas. 

… every drop of Chan's anxiety seems to melt away in an instant.

"You like it?" He asks, a little giddy as Jeongin grabs him by the hips and stares at him. He can't help but giggle, shy under his heavy gaze.

Jeongin licks his lips and looks up at him from under his lashes and– fuck. "You're–" He does a smooth double take that makes Chan shiver all over. "You're so fucking hot, hyung. It's seriously unreal."

Chan gasps, not only because he's not used to this– the praise, that is– but also because Jeongin doesn't hesitate to push him back against the bed and strip himself naked. It makes butterflies erupt in his stomach, the way the other crawls on top of him and sweeps down to run his lips along the column of his throat.

"Jeongin-ah," Chan whines, already more affected than he'd like to admit. The lips move slowly to his jaw, then to his lips. Hot and sensual. He knows his ears must be blood red– they're burning.

"Hm?" Jeongin hums, pulling back to run his hands down the front of Chan's body, eyes raking over him in his entirety. It’s like he's totally mesmerized, like Chan is some kind of priceless object under his fingertips. It's a lot to handle, to be honest. "What's got you so shy, hyung?" he asks, cupping Chan's pecs and flicking experimentally over his nipples.

"I–" Chan swallows the spit in his throat, arching into Jeongin's touch. His hands are so big . God fucking damn it. "I'm just... I'm already so hard, and you've barely touched me," he admits.

"Oh?" Taking a moment to glance down, and even worse, slide his palm down to sandwich Chan's cock between two long fingers, Jeongin smirks. "I couldn't even tell."

It's usually instinct for Chan to cover his face when he's feeling shy like this, but the desire to see, to watch, seems to override it this time. "It's embarrassing," he mutters, though he still spreads his knees for Jeongin to fit between them. His face is so close now, hovering only a few inches above his crotch, and it's weirdly a vulnerable feeling. Being this seen.

"Look at you," Jeongin admires, spreading his fingers and licking right over his flushed tip with a broad swipe of his tongue. "So pretty and pink. Just begging to be sucked on."

Before Chan can even form a response in his head, Jeongin is leaning down to take him between his lips. He squeaks, fisting the bedsheets in pleasure– because Jeongin's hollowing his cheeks just right and basically sucking on his tip like it's a goddamn dum-dum. And like, it's insane, frankly. 

Chan's entire length fits in his mouth, barely pokes past his teeth, but Jeongin doesn't seem to mind in the slightest. If anything, judging by the way he's moaning around him and rutting into his own palm, he's enjoying himself quite a lot, actually. It’s thrilling, raising chill bumps all over Chan’s body. 

It's also just the best blow job Chan thinks he’s ever had– if it could even be described as that, with Jeongin not even being able to bob his head without it slipping out and all. But it's messy and tight, just how he likes it, spit dribbling past his lips and down Chan's balls, and all Chan can think is holy shit, I'm going to cum so fucking fast from this.

Jeongin eventually pulls off with a loud, slick pop and spits the excess saliva and precome that was in his mouth directly onto Chan's red tip. The visual… good lord.

"I think I've sucked on clits bigger than this," he muses, amused as he rubs his palm back and forth over Chan in his entirety. Like he would a pussy, Chan thinks and can’t stop himself from moaning out loud. 

"I– uh, fuck, I think I'm gonna come," Chan mutters, Jeongin's tongue already back to working perfect, slick circles around his cockhead. It feels almost too good, like he's gonna wake up from a dream any second with wet underwear and a weak will to get out of bed.

"You think? You don't know?" Jeongin teases, lapping at Chan's slit with the point of his tongue before sucking at the sensitive underside of his crown. "Do I already have you so dumb you can't tell when you're coming, baby?"

"I– oh my god, holy shit," Chan stutters, hips bucking off the bed as he realizes he’s suddenly squirting cum all over Jeongin's lips and tongue. He watches in awe as Jeongin, the absolute menanc of his dreams, licks all of it up and spits it, too, over the head of his cock. It spills over him in an obscene wave of wetness that feels disgusting and deliriously sexy all at once. 

"I'm sorry," he slurs, chest heaving as Jeongin sits up and hovers over him again. Looking just as hungry as when they started. “I've never... no one's ever paid that much attention to my dick. I didn't mean to come so fast." His legs are shaking. A little humiliated. Incredibly sensitive.

"What a shame," Jeongin says, looking down at his cum-slick cock with adoration. Chan swears he sees him flutter his lashes like a cartoon character in love at the sight. "Personally, I wouldn't mind making your little cock come over and over and over again. ‘Til it doesn’t work anymore."

Chan finds himself smiling at the idea, reaching up to wrap his arms around Jeongin's deliciously broad shoulders. He can taste himself on his lips when he kisses him. “I’m not sure how many times I could go in one night– I'm getting kind of old, you know."

"Sounds like a challenge to me," Jeongin laughs, cooing as Chan whines and tries to hide his face in his shoulder. "It's okay, hyung, I didn't mean tonight anyway. But you can come just one more time for me, can't you? On my cock this time?" He pouts his lips for good measure, rutting the length of his cock against Chan's perineum and balls. It’s slippery with spit and cum. 

"Yeah," Chan agrees, although he’s still a little dazed. He doesn’t want to stop yet. "I want you to fuck me. Please."

"What a good boy, saying please like that," Jeongin smiles, hiking one of Chan’s legs up and reaching down to slide his fingers through the mess there. “You’re really just perfect, aren’t you?”

Chan does hide his face this time, clenching involuntarily when those fingers start rubbing at his rim. He chokes back a whimper as one slips inside. 

“My pretty little hyung,” Jeongin shushes him gently, “with his pretty little cock–” a pinch to his tip that makes him jerk, then pressure against his prostate, “–and his pretty little hole.” 

“Jeongin-ah,” Chan’s voice drops to a plea. He doesn’t even know what he’s pleading for.

The way Jeongin’s touching him and talking to him with so much confidence, like he’s completely unable to contain his attraction, makes it feel like Chan’s skull is filling with honey. A sweet, overwhelming pleasure that’s slowly, but inevitably, going to spill out of his mouth and make his teeth ache. 

With another quick swipe of Chan’s cum, a second finger joins the first. The stretch is almost nothing in comparison to the pain of his anticipation. He squirms impatiently, curls going awry against the pillows as the fingers continue fucking into him, brushing just enough against his sweet spot with each thrust to keep his toes curling. 

“Aw, are you finally getting hard again?” Jeongin grins, polishing his free palm over Chan’s sensitive cock. It immediately sends him into a fit of strained grunts and whimpers, body twisting back and forth like he doesn’t know whether to fight against it or chase it. “You gonna squirm like this when I get inside?” 

“Please, ah ah– I’m gonna go crazy.” 

With a soft laugh, Jeongin stops his ministrations and sits back and leaves Chan writhing and fussing. A sob gets pulled from Chan’s throat at the loss, but then Jeongin says, “Okay, hyung. I’ve teased you long enough, don’t you think?” 

“You asshole,” Chan huffs, though there’s not a single ounce of bite in his tone. Especially not when Jeongin finally slides a condom on and slathers a handful of lube down his length.

Chan wiggles his hips, chewing his bottom lip anxiously, and Jeongin smacks his inner thigh with a fond scolding of, “Okay, okay. I got you, needy thing,” before sliding between Chan’s cheeks. 

The tip catches on his rim a few times, but it doesn’t take long for him to start pushing inside. He takes it slow, and Chan’s thankful, considering how big he is, but it still feels like an impossible stretch whenever their hips meet in the middle. 

“So full,” Chan moans. More than full , to be honest– it feels like he’s being split open. But with Jeongin stroking his body and leaning down to connect their lips in a deep kiss, it’s not too hard to be distracted from it. 

“You okay?” Jeongin whispers against his cheek after a moment.

“Yeah,” Chan sighs, glad to hear just how affected the other is. “I’m so good.” 

With a shift of his weight, Jeongin starts moving. Dragging almost all the way out before pushing back in. Slow, smooth motions that make Chan’s breath hitch. 

“So tight–” Jeongin grunts, picking up a steady rhythm as he squeezes the skin of Chan’s thighs between his fingers. “And your thighs– fuck.” 

“Let me ride you next time,” Chan pants.

“Next time, huh?”

“We– ah, we’ll have to make sure to get you a better view of my ass.” 

“You drive a hard bargain.” Jeongin hums, grabbing hold of Chan’s wide hips and snapping his hips harshly. Chan bounces against the bed, mouth falling open as Jeongin thumbs messily at the underside of his cock. “I do love this view, though.” 

Chan, laid out completely bare beneath him, forehead and bridge shiny with sweat, his neck and chest and ears flushed red. It’s hard for him to imagine that he looks even half as good as Jeongin does right now. But the praise goes straight to the molten pit at the bottom of his stomach nonetheless. 

“Come on, hyung. Squirt again for me,” he pants, thrusts growing sloppier, “come for me, and I’ll fill you up.”

With the dual stimulation and his words, that’s all it takes for Chan to cry out and tip over the edge. Body taut, his legs and cock twitch under Jeongin’s assault, oozing thick and white over his knobby knuckles. 

But Jeongin doesn’t stop just because Chan does– there’s a slight hint of overstimulated pain that springs up as he braces himself on either side of Chan’s shoulders and focuses his thrusts. They’re still sharp, hitting hard and deep and brushing his prostate, and Chan can’t help but groan, finding the discomfort not entirely unwelcome. 

Tears falling from his eyes, he desperately grasps at Jeongin for grounding, blunt nails digging into his skin and scraping down his back. He remembers him mentioning he liked that– that he likes when marks last for days, to feel like he pleasured his partners enough to want to mark him. 

And it works. Because soon enough, Jeongin’s hips are stuttering to a stop, fucking as deep as he possibly can as he fills up the condom.

It’s one hell of a come down. Between his sensitivity and Jeongin’s exhaustion, it takes them longer than Chan’s used to to clean up. Usually, it’s a wet towel tossed between his legs and maybe a couple of friendly kisses, but, as he learned early on with Jeongin, this is no case of usually.

 

Feeling shy even outside of sex is not something new to Chan, but something about the way Jeongin arranges them under his deep green comforter after taking the time to clean both of them up– something about the way he kisses all across his chest and neck and face as he snuggles close and lays his head on Chan’s chest, arm wrapping around his waist protectively… somehow makes him feel even more shy than he felt during the sex. 

It’s crazy how lucky he feels to be laying in bed with him, not in a taxi heading back home. To have Jeongin’s warmth and quiet breathing in his space. 

“By the way,” Jeongin says, after a stretch of comfortable silence. He’s tracing odd shapes against Chan’s stomach, sweaty hair tucked up under his chin. Comfortable.

“Yeah?”

“I hope you know that I really do think you’re pretty, hyung. Like, really really. If that wasn’t clear.” 

Chan smiles to himself, nudging his nose against the top of Jeongin’s head. “Yeah?” he repeats.

“Yeah. I can just tell you don’t believe it’s true when people say it,” he says, turning his head to look up at Chan with tired, sparkly eyes. “And I want to make you believe it.” 

It takes Chan a moment to really process, heart pounding so hard in his chest that he’s sure Jeongin can feel it. But, after clearing his throat, he finds himself asking:

“How do you feel about breakfast?” 

It’s another day at the office I’ve been working in for almost a year. I work in one of the best fashion industries in China called Fur Co. What makes Fur Co. unique from the others? It’s runned by furries. Not just any kind of furries, they are one of the best designers from all around the world, that’s why there’s only a few people in this building–

My train of thought stopped as my boss, Puro, announced everyone in the office to go to the meeting room. His tone seemed excited, though only I can differentiate that.

I walk towards the west wing of the building to the meeting together with my friend, Squid Dog.

“I think I know why the soon-to-be boss called us here.” He chuckled silently, trying to show me something on his phone.

It’s my ex-boyfriend Tiger Shark with my boss Puro. He hired the person I really don't want to see anymore.

“Oh God, When is he coming to the office?” I said in a frustrated yet nervous voice.

“Well, he’s coming today. But I highly doubt that since there's a rainstorm happening in California, where he now lives after your massive break-up.” He laughed some more.

I was about to beat up Squid Dog with all I was worth, until Squid Dog stopped laughing and cleared his throat. I knew that Puro was right in front of me.

“Sir Knox, you and Sir SD are just in time. Shall we go in?” He accompanied us in the room, he looked at me with his eyes full of passion for me, while secretly gripping my waist. I tried to hide my blush quickly.

Me and Squid Dog take our seats as Puro goes behind his podium.

“Good Morning everyone. The reason why I called everyone here today is because we will have a new officemate that will arrive.”

Me and Squid Dog look at each other for a split second, confused.

“He was supposed to be here by now, but his flight from California got canceled because of this massive storm.”

Pleased with the news I let out a short unnoticeable sigh.

“But the good news is, he will arrive next week, on the day I become the one and only CEO of this company.” he continued.

This is bad. This is so bad. If Tiger Shark finds out about me and Puro’s affair, he might use it to his advantage. He’s always been like this. What will happen if he does? When or how will he find out? I have to do something–

“Sir Knox." Puro looked at me deep in the eyes. "You seem distracted. Something wrong?”

I was so screwed. I felt my heart drop as I tried not to have a meltdown at work.

"U-Uh.. Nothing Sir. Just curious who's the new co-worker we will be having." I uttered out a reason.

"Well, I could tell you some information about him." Puro continued talking. I am so glad he bought the excuse.

"... And that's it about him. Further questions about Sir Tiger Shark, just ask him yourself next week. Dismissed." He said while looking at everyone.

Everyone stood up and left the meeting room and I was last to stand up. Suddenly Puro spoke.

"Sir Knox, a word with you privately in my office."

He came closer and whispered something to me as he passed through the door. "Can't lay your eyes off of me, Gab?" he smirks at me.

He goes through the hallway and looks back at me for a moment. While I was standing there in front of the door, my hands covering my deep red face, like an idiot. I didn’t know I was staring at him when I zoned out.

I calmed myself down and went to his office. But then, I ran into Squid Dog.

“Hey, for the past months I’ve noticed, Why does Sir Puro keep calling you in his office? I don’t see you messing up your projects, in fact it’s the opposite.” he said curiously.

Oh no. He can’t know our secret. I’d be fired by his dad. I have to think of something. Quick.

“Uhh… I guess the secret is up. Me and Puro are childhood friends. That’s why we talk for a short while after meetings.” I said in an unsure manner.

“Huh. Well, that explains it. Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone.” he whispered.

“Like I’d believe that. Anyway, I’m off to his office. I’ll see you when I’m done talking with him.” I let out a nervous chuckle.

Squid Dog laughed and patted my back before he went back to the office room.

Now there is nobody to distract me. I walked inside Puro’s office quietly and overheard him talking to someone over the phone.

“I’ll be there tonight. I’m still in my shift for my father's company.. Yeah yeah, I’ll try to be there.. Bye.” Puro ends the call as he looks frustrated to be here. He noticed me and his face looked surprised.

“Gab!.. How long were you standing there?..” He goes closer to me and looks around the room, and looks back at me.

“I just arrived here.. Why’d you call me?” I said nervously. I think I heard something I shouldn't have.

"Oh.. You know that already." He closes the door and locks it. He suddenly pulls me closer with both of his warm hands on my hips, making me closer to him.

I glanced at his eyes, then looked at the side of the room realizing he is so close to me.

He gets a hold of my face and tilts it towards his. He slowly pulls his face towards mine until…

"Puro! We will be late in our meeting! We have to go now!" a familiar voice called for him. It's his dad, Sir K.

We quickly stopped our intimate moment and pretended we were discussing business matters as his father knocked loudly in the door.

Puro opens the door and his mood suddenly changes.

"Apologies Sir. I was discussing with Sir Knox about his new project. We shall go now."

"No time for excuses! You are not worthy to be a CEO if you keep being tardy to our meetings with Azur Co. and more future partners!" he said aggravatingly.

Sir K and Puro walked out of Puro's office, leaving me in shock. That phone call was possibly from the other business partners he has to meet.

I walk back to my desk, and of course, Squid Dog bugs me with millions of questions and rumors.

"Sooo, what were you guys talking about? Also why did Sir Puro and Sir K walk out in such a rush? I heard that they are meeting with Azur Co. to start collaborations and what not." he rambled.

"Firstly, Me and Puro were talking about my new projects and tasks. And secondly, yes, they're meeting Snow Leopard." I responded while doing my works that were due today.

“Snow Leopard... She’s the Co-CEO of Azur, right?” Squid Dog continued to ask.

“Yup, Miss Allian being the CEO”

I sighed and continued doing my work with a thousand thoughts racing in my head. This office will become disastrous when Tiger Shark arrives in this office. Did he manage to know where I work? Is he stalking me? I’ll find out next week. For now, I just have to enjoy the rest of the week while his flight is canceled.

Hello, this is Dr. K

 

I was recently ‘commissioned’ by Puro to make a third party writing in which the perspective is that of an unbiased narrator of the events that unfolded in his life. Before that, however, is a bit of a preface which features my own perspective. Everything remains in chronological order with my perspective, so you don’t have to worry about that all too much. I’m unsure as to why Puro asked me to do such a thing, but it was certainly an experience to write this, so I do not quite mind it. It is to be published on some sort of website of sorts, and I believe he said he’d be handling the details of that. 

 

It doesn’t matter, anyway. Those extraneous notes are boring to an audience like you, anyway. I’ll go into more detail a little later, but for now, proceed onwards to the description of the environment.. 

 

It was a lonely, rainy day outside a singular, towering laboratory building in the midst of a ruined, abandoned civilization. For miles on end, there were only tilted buildings, a bright, orange sun, and barely a sign of life outside the windows of the cold building. Distantly, there were lush forests filled with animals, expanding oceans filled with fish, and birds that flew throughout the sky.

 

However, there wasn’t even a single sign of humans. Not even one. As if they all went extinct one day. If they existed, nobody would ever be able to find them.

 

There was another form of life, however. Inside those chalky walls of the laboratory building, there were a variety of creatures. An attempt to save human society, they were. But they ended in vain, all of them did. These creatures are known as latex creatures. They were intended as a cure for what doomed all of society, but one cause led to another, and it ended up failing miserably.

 

Among these unrequited creatures, one stands out from them. 

 

“DR. K!!!! DR. K!!!!” 

 

His name is Puro, and he is very annoying. Well, normally he isn’t as annoying, but I suppose it was because I was leaving the laboratory that day to locate any survivors that may have potentially survived. If you want a little bit of a spoiler, that effort ended up being in vain. We already had an infected human in temporary cryogenesis, but it wouldn’t have hurt to have found more to potentially rebuild society around us. 

 

It was somewhat early into this lethal pandemic, but I had already injected myself with

a cure that was able to transfur (that means transforming myself into an anthropomorphic animal for the uneducated audience) myself while still retaining my memories. It would allow me to stay alive and continue my research on the pale virus and safely scope out any potential survivors that hadn’t already been relocated. Puro, that bastard of a failed experiment, on the other hand, was initially just a mere black latex creature before he started learning. I was a little reluctant to allow him to do this, as he may grow sentient to the situation around him, but I felt as if this may be a good way of researching what the capabilities of black latex can and can’t do.

 

He was able to learn, and eventually, even speak human English, like he just did a few paragraphs ago. He was able to communicate with me, and express basic desires for things like entertainment and new food, both of which he learnt existed in the form of his books. On second thought, that might have been the one blunder on my part. He probably would’ve stuck to his diet of oranges had he not learnt about the great varieties of food that human culture had imposed onto the world for years and years, or his limited entertainment of books had he not learned about things like video games. A lot of those require electricity, which, under normal circumstances, would be impossible without an electrician, and, as you may have guessed with the current state of affairs, we don’t really have much of those anymore.

 

However, you can thank me for providing this building with electricity. That was me. I did that, and I also practically caused the next scene that occurs.

 

Now, this annoying little weasel asks me a question.

 

“K? Where are you going?”

 

Now, isn’t it obvious? I was going outside. This is the most unnecessary question he’d have ever asked me, and he was wasting my time just by holding me up like this. However, as he was my loyal and unique test subject who doesn’t dare to leave the building because of the ominous warnings I’ve given him, I decided to dabble a bit.

 

“I’m going to conduct a study. Why do you ask?”

 

This was quick, honest, and shouldn’t require more than three sentences for me to escape the conversation at hand. It would’ve been a simple “Oh, okay, goodbye!” and I would’ve been off to continue my studies. However, this bastard had just a little more prepared for me. 

 

“Oh! Uh.. well, I was wondering if you could give something new?”

 

I have no idea what he meant by this. Did he mean entertainment? Did he mean food? What was the new thing he wanted me to give him? I had to ask for more details, but I was constantly on a ticking time clock.

 

“What could you possibly want?”

 

“uUhh.. Game?”

 

Yeah, of course. He seemed a little shy while saying it. He was poking at his pointer fingers together awkwardly while his pointy ears retreated inward a little. I sigh a little, as I shuffle into my pockets for something that could possibly entertain him during the while that I’ll be gone for. I pull out my own phone first, but quickly stuff it back away into my pockets because I realize he might want to grab that phone.

 

Unfortunately for me…

 

“What was that?”

 

“Twas nothing. Don’t worry about it.”

 

“Twas something!” (he said that really badly) “I wanna know!”

 

I was getting a little angry and impatient with this son of a bitch already. However, I needed to keep my calm. He’s practically a child. Although nobody’s really viewing me right now and I could practically terrorize him to my will, I have standards. He WAS still my subject, after all. And, after thinking about it more, it would be intriguing to see how he would interact with entertainment such as a phone. Would he even be able to do anything with one? Either way, I shrugged. I pull out a secondary phone. It wasn’t my own personal one; just one I had as a back-up for my first. I toss it over to him and he fails to catch it. What a failure. I can only hope the phone ruins his brain and makes it so that he’s unable to bother me anymore.

“It was this.” 

 

“What’s this?”

 

“It’s called a phone, Puro. You can do many things with it, but to simplify, you can play games on it. The password is 9879.”

 

Because I know the nature of this idiot, and how amusingly unintelligent he was, I decided to, out of the kindness of my own heart, write a little sheet of paper and tape it onto the wall to serve as a permanent reminder of the password. The idiot gawks at the phone a little in amazement, even though the state it was in right now was practically just a black rectangle, especially more so to someone who doesn’t know how to use a cellular device. The screen wasn’t even turned on. He stumbles around with the sides of the phone and rotates it like a Rubik’s cube for five minutes and twenty-one seconds before finally figuring out how to turn it on with something that wasn’t even on the side of the phone; He pressed the main button on the front of the phone. I felt ashamed of myself for watching. Not because I wasn’t going up to help support my subject, but simply because I was wasting precious time for humans that could still potentially be alive. It didn’t matter, anyway, since not a single human was found in that expedition. There wasn’t even a skeleton, a breath, or noise, and, not to boast the abilities of the cure provided, but the wolf ears on my head have much more efficient hearing than a human’s. 

 

Fortunately, he inputs the password with much more ease, to my surprise given how chubby his fingers are. 

 

“Ooohhh.. Thank you!! I will be entertained with this!”

 

“Yeah, probably.”

 

And so, I left the room. That was when I made the most life-altering change of history just by leaving him with a mobile phone in his hands. It’s astonishing, and I’m gonna put down all the details here for you, someone on a fixed earth, I think, to read.

 

A lot of the following I’m about to mention isn’t my own account, but rather, it is from a high quality recording of the library that happened on that fateful day. I did the favor of translating a lot of the broken english for you in the format of a third person narrator, and, with the help of a certain someone, was able to get a ‘visual’ out of words, which.. surprised me a little that that kind of magic even exists to begin with, but it should make life easier for you all. It certainly did for me. Will also say that that same kind of magic reads thoughts, so if you have any questions about why you’re able to see Puro’s mind, don’t worry about it too much as there was a perfectly legible reason for it. Anyway, please enjoy something I took time out of my day to write.




…




…




…




As the furred scientist grumbled and left to do his task, the wolf was left alone with his brand new confusing phone. Looking over to it in awe.

 

Wow… so this is a phone? I’ve seen many in human books, but it's weird touching one. It's so hard and square, but.. Really really thin. I think it's better I do not crush it.

 

His grubby little paws start interacting with the screen a little, tapping and sliding his fingers across the glass like a matchstick to a strike strip. He struggles occasionally because his fingers are too fat to properly slide across the screen smoothly. He tried not to cry, but after a bit of preservation from his lacrimal gland in his eyes, he eventually got to the games section, which is only conveniently placed there by the greatest unspoken scientist that is also mankind’s savior, of the phone. Puro, however, didn’t really know what is a ‘game’ and what isn’t a ‘game’, so the much more colorful app icons were enough of a difference for him to notice. His eyes light up excitedly.

 

He lays down on his comfortable mustard yellow bean bag chair and spends hours, and hours, and hours, fiddling with the device. Surprisingly, despite the circumstances of a post-apocalyptic world, the battery life is quite capable. So all it did was persist with Puro’s stupidity as his brain slowly rotted to games with an age rating meant for everyone. 

 

“Ooooh.. Colorful… it’s very colorful! The game doesn’t look very real.. but I can see it with my own eyes. It must be real.”

 

Of course, the games selected were only of the friendliest for a latex creature with a developing brain. Things like Subway Surfers and the Family Guy variation of a Candy Crush game (Which, by the way, is undeniably one of the greatest evils of this world. The regular one, I mean. I have seen prior studies on this game and the results were a bit too unhealthy.  I had to download the unfinished Family Guy version) would help develop Puro’s motor controls. It worked a little too well, and he spent hours and hours on it until he inevitably got bored. 

 

By then it was around 9:00 P.M. The dashing scientist still hadn’t returned, and the selfish little wolf was standing around impatiently. Then, he got an idea.

 

“..I could get MORE games! Let's see..”

 

Puro had no idea what he was doing, but he started looking over every other app just to find where he could get more games. All the boring ones, most definitely.  He played around with them for a little, but it wasn’t enough to keep his toddler-leveled attention span at bay. Eventually, he finally comes across the app store, the sacred ancient hall that’s filled to the brim with games made for three year olds and teenagers with messed up attention spans. 

 

“So many options.. And they all say free. That means I can get them without paying money..”

 

He scrolls through the many colorful apps, but a lot of them didn’t seem interesting to him. He had no interest in things like “Genshin Impact” or “Twitter”. Actually, Twitter isn’t even a game, but he did end up downloading it because he liked the image of the bird. He was satisfied at first to finally find something that appealed to him, only to realize that he had to get past a sign-up section. Aside from struggling to type in anything, he didn’t have an email, so he didn’t really get far.

 

Eventually, he came across an app that really interested him. The app icon had his face on it. Or at least, something that he assumed to have his face on. The app was completely black, save for a white mask that resembled that of a black latex creature. It was listed as “Ver 1.0.0”, which meant that ever since the release of this application, it had never received even a single update.

 

“..Never settle for those awkward feelings of being alone again…?”

 

This is the first thing he had said aloud. It seems to have struck a chord of sorts, as his hand shook a little and his tail wagged upon the thought of not being lonely. He almost dropped the phone, his hands still shaking a little as he excitedly hopped up and down before sitting still and taking deep breaths.

 

“..Okay, Puro. Be calm. It’s.. probably not real. The other games weren’t real, either, even if I can see them. But.. I am a little curious.”

 

He felt himself calm down a little as he pressed the download button without reading anything further and noting down anything suspicious, like the lack of reviews and the lack of developer. Since he doesn’t know how to switch between the apps smoothly (which, in this phone, would just be to swipe up from the very bottom), he instead opts to turn it off and on again, the classic simple minded solution to something like a dysfunctional TV 

 

He reopens up the phone excitedly and scrolls through the columns and rows of squares and tries to locate the app. However.. He couldn’t find a single thing. Not even one.

 

“...? Where.. is it?”

 

His ears and tail slightly lower as he looks with slight unease towards the phone. He kept sliding through the homescreen, every individual page riddled with apps, just for even a trace of that one app with something that resembled his face. However, it wasn’t there. It’s as if the download button didn’t work, or maybe he mispressed it. Either way, this prompted him to look back into the app store again to locate the app. However, it wasn’t there anymore. As if it had disappeared. He sighs.

 

“...Oh. It’s probably one of K’s stupid experiments again.”

 

This was, not in fact, one of K’s studious experiments. However, he insisted upon a false premise and threw the phone against the wall, the room resounding with a loud thud as the device clattered against the floor. Thankfully, it didn’t crack even a little. Puro could only immediately curl himself up in a ball, looking down as his eyelids shut down by half, slightly calming down a little.

 

..Before beginning to cry a little. He grips onto his legs a little tighter, the goo of his legs pressuring down onto his paws like bubble wrap. His ears go down as tears start falling from his eyes and onto his knees, dripping down his leg and sliding down onto the tiles. Actually, it’s worth noting that the tears weren’t even genuine water. They were a little drippier, more gooier like the substance his body is made up of. And yet it still slid down all the same. 

 

“He clearly never cared about me then... why would he care now? Maybe he wanted me to feel this way. To see how alone I can get before I just return to how I was before. Because that’s all my species really was… an animal. I’-Id annoy him less cause I wouldn’t be annoying him with constant commands...”

 

The tears only flew out faster as he started to realize it’s his fault. He was very, very confused about how animals worked, but for his understanding of it, he didn’t want to devolve into a mindless goo creature again. He worried that being too lonely might be a result of that.. And he believed that the scientist, whose intentions were pure without a single doubt, were trying to figure out a way to make him stop thinking. To start acting like one of the many mindless walking dolls of the building, whose only thoughts are eat, sleep, and [•••••••••••••].

 

He didn’t want to be like them. Not again. They didn’t even like him, and he knew that. That’s why he even has knowledge in the first place. That’s why he even has power over his actions. His body shakes as these thoughts pass through him, striking him and cutting him in the heart deeper. Before long, he felt his body get goopier as he could only cry harder, his body melting like an icecream in the summer.

 

And then, he heard a ding. It was surprisingly not that loud, but his ears picked on it quickly. 

 

“..Wwwuhat was that?”

 

His tears slowly dry as he crawls over to the phone, flopping off the beanbag chair and landing on his stomach towards the ground, almost comparable to a fish on land. He grasps the phone, his paws pushing down onto the cover of the thin rectangle, and flips it over to the side where the screen is present. There appeared a notification from the messages app.

 

Silently, he wipes his tears off as he curiously glances over the notification, tapping on it with a new feeling arising through his nonexistent spine. Although a little sad, it appears he hadn’t completely lost hope. 

 

He inputs the code, which he had to do again since he was reopening the phone, and It leads him to the messages app to where the prior notification had redirected him towards. Thankfully, it wasn’t very complicated to understand. This story would’ve been significantly different had the sender written it in lengthy english. Due to Puro’s significant lack of literacy, or at least, in comparison to the average human, it would’ve been difficult for him to transcribe.  

 

Actually, it was in the form of an image, to which Puro was able to see clearly. The image appeared to have an actual subject to it: A wolf of some sorts, with extremely rugged black fur. Or at least, it looked as if it had fur. It was very similar in build to our subject here, although the picture wasn’t exactly giving a clear shot as to what the full build of the sender was. It only showed the upper half of the body, and most of it was focused on the face. However, one other thing was very clear:

 

The background was a part of the building that Puro was in. It was very clearly in a hallway of sorts, with an air ventilation fan in view placed onto the upper wall nearby. However, outside of the drying red paint, that was the only distinguishable feature of where the sender was. Puro thinks for a moment.

 

“...Is that another black latex creature?” Puro thought, curiously, giving the image a better look. The similarities were undeniable. Although it was clearly a very different species, it maintained two very similar aspects: The white, boney mask that resembles that of an animal skull, and the black fur that makes up the rest of the body. 

 

“..No. Black latex creatures aren’t as smart. Maybe Dr. K gave a phone to one, and it did this by accident? But.. they’d have to find out code. They can’t do that well. Probably.”

 

It’s not like he really knew what they can’t and couldn’t do, but he was aware of their normal primal behaviors. Who knows, maybe they could eventually learn if they got their hands on a phone? It didn’t matter to him. He quickly gets back on track and starts typing up a response to the image. 

 

It went along the lines of:

 

“hey where you at i want to meet you”

 

He kept messing up a lot of the spelling, and it wasn’t because of his bad English for once. It's mainly because of his fat fingers once again. A lot of the keys usually just end up either being not pressed or responsive until five presses, or he ends up getting frustrated with one letter that he ends up pressing another on accident aggressively. It lead to a lot of muffled curse words, which the scientist had never taught him to speak on. Thankfully, he had the patience to go through all of that instead of either giving up midway or throwing the phone across the room a second time.

 

And with that patience, you can only imagine the frustration he immediately proceeded to experience when the message wasn't sent. Or rather, it was unable to be sent. A small, red error popped up claiming such. Puro took a long, deep breath, and gently laid down the phone onto the bean bag chair.

 

“...Okay. Maybe it’s something Dr. K did. Or.. maybe it’s the app? It could be broken...”

 

He keeps fiddling around with it more, scrolling up and down at the messages and prodding at the photo to see if something different happens, which ends up being a fruitless effort. Defeated, Puro immediately goes right back to Subway Surfers without doing much of anything further. However, he was very deep in thought.

 

“..So, somebody sent me a message? It really does resemble another latex creature, but… why does the fur look more.. rough? I mean, this is assuming it isn’t a fake from Dr. K…”

 

He was about to look past it until the thought in his head immediately cuts off as he receives another notification, which causes him to panic and throw the phone across the room like an idiot. Ironically, the phone slamming itself into the wall timed itself perfectly from when the character slams their head in with the inconveniently placed train.

 

Realizing what he had done, Puro quickly crawls over to the phone and lifts it up, checking out the notification. It appears to have come from the same app that had provided the first message, which naturally meant the same sender. Puro takes a look at the text, which appears to have been yet another image. This time, they appear to be in a.. Library? There were a lot of books and a lot of shelves. Puro’s eyes slightly widened a little.

 

“..I recognize this place! It’s outside of-!”

 

And then the realization quickly struck him like a sledgehammer to a wall, his eyes widening. 

 

Quickly, he slides over to the entrance of the library, nearly tripping on a book in the process, his feet now in a state of uncontrollable running, before slamming his face across the glass, accidentally getting a bit of goop against the window upon impact. However, all he could spot were the puddles of white and the faint shadows of the latex preying from above. He slightly raised a nonexistent brow looking at the lack of the original sender, let alone a lack of black latex creature

 

Then, Puro was able to quickly hear something. A soft huffing from behind, the air slightly bordering his neck. Puro quickly dashes to the left and immediately goes on high alert, before finally being able to get a close look as to what was behind him, his eyes squinting at the sight.

 

…It was the same creature in the phone. A crooked, white, bony mask.. No, it was more like their entire head. As if its skull made up everything above the chest. Messy, black hair bordered the skull, and trailed down to cover its back. It looked exactly like a black latex creature.. But without the latex. And without the fur. There was not even a spoonful of goo dripping down its limbs. It was just pure skin and hair.

 

Puro, naturally, felt an overwhelming sense of unease, as his entire presence was overshadowed by the towering height of this creature. It practically towered over him, being almost twice his size. 

 

“..Heeeeey.”

 

The beast didn’t really respond to him as it loomed, staring down at him, creating a soft growl of sorts. Its presence was quite intimidating as its gaping maw didn’t utter another sound besides the deep snarl. It only made Puro all the more nervous. 

 

And so.. They maintain a really awkward stare to each other. Puro’s nerves slowly lessen as he realizes it isn’t really doing anything, but his guard remains undaunted. He clearly doesn’t trust the beast. He didn’t trust the other black latexes, why would he trust a much bigger and taller one? He did say he wanted to meet it, though, and he got his wish.

 

“How’s it- How’s it going?” 

 

He says, slowly approaching the beast. The towering monster stood still, save for the head following his movements, staring a little lower as he approached closer to it. Puro’s breath palpitates a little, but he takes a deep breath and.. Pokes its stomach before quickly and immediately retreating back to his original spot. The beast didn’t do anything. Or well, nothing that would harm Puro. It instead merely sat down and observed Puro with a keen gaze. Puro can’t seem to gauge what it’s feeling right now. The tail of the creature didn’t even move an inch.

 

“...Who are you? How did you get in here?”

 

Both were surprisingly valid questions, and yet the beast responded to none of them. It just patiently waited for him, sitting still. Puro just approached again, looking at it up and down once more, before finally coming to a conclusion.

 

“Well, if you were here to hurt me, you would’ve done it by now, but.. can you even speak?”

 

It was at this moment that, on the thorax, Puro was able to peek at a small slip of.. Something… that was coarsely taped onto its chest. It was gray and somewhat small. Puro, despite being skeptical of the large beast, decided to approach towards the object and take a closer look.

 

“Well, lets see..”

It looks akin to that of an identification card. It appears to have been drawn prior to printage of the card, judging by the texture being overlaid atop the drawing.

 

“Hello… my…. name… is… 

 

Puro squints his eyes at the text, unable to ascertain the incredible handwriting display that the beast has showcased. He slightly scratches his chin a little, accidentally sliding a little goo off of it.




…




…McQualo??”

 

The beast shakes its head, which was a bit more of a sudden movement for Puro but enough of a response to tell him he got that completely wrong.

 

“...Maio?”

 

It shook its head.

 

“Mala.”

 

It shook its head.

 

“Oh, it’s a V.. Vuqualo?.”

 

It shook its head once more. The beast appeared to be patient enough to handle the shenanigans of the blind little wolf. Carefully, it slightly put its finger onto the id card, which made Puro step back a little in retaliation, and slightly pointed at the first letter. Puro observes carefully.



“...V?”



It shakes its head.



“M...”



It nods, before proceeding to point to the next one.



“A?”



It nods once more, its finger drifting to the next one.



“L…”



Nodding, finally moving onto the last letter.



“O.”



“..Malo?”

 

Malo nods, doing a soft little clap with its hands, its skull maintaining a crooked smile, unable to make much of another expression. Puro smiles a little, but clearly doesn’t want to let his guard around it, so he quickly hardens his expression and gives a long look at Malo, whose just softly breathing as it stares down at him.

 

“...Why are you here?”

 

Malo, once again, does not respond. 

 

“Oh, right, you don’t talk. My bad. But..”

 

Puro glances over to the ID card once more, and then towards nothing into particular, thinking once more. His viscous makes-sense-in-canon brain started working again, and he was able to connect a dot of sorts.

 

“..You must be able to at least write, right?”

 

It’s a good thing he omitted how its handwriting wasn’t exactly exemplary, but the creature nodded, pointing at the id once more to prove just how incredible it is at writing. Quickly, Puro dashes over to behind his beanbag chair within the library, and grabs a set of papers and crayons, coming in an incredibly large set of five, with the expansive colors of red, yellow, green, blue, and purple, and places all of them onto the ground. Malo observes as the little wolf quickly dashes back to it and points at the piece of paper

 

“Uuh.. can you write why you’re here?”

 

Instead of writing anything at all, Malo points to his phone, and then puts its hand out.

 

“..You want this? I’m not giving it to you. It’s mine!”

 

Malo tilts its head, before urging to give it to it in the form of lifting its crooked fingers up. Puro crossed his arms. Despite Puro’s adamancy to not give it up to Malo, it just stood there patiently, waiting. It wasn’t taking the phone away, nor was it chasing after Puro to even grab the phone. All it did was stand there, waiting eerily as it put its hand out for the phone.

 

Eventually, Puro caved in and placed the phone onto the hand. Upon closer inspection, it was more of like a stretched out paw, but it was difficult to see any proper details since everything was black. Carefully, it opened the phone up and immediately went to the homescreen, quickly inputting the password to Puro’s surprise.

 

“Woah! How did you know that?”

 

Malo points to the note on the wall that was written by the doctor which listed the passcode.

 

“..Oh right.”

 

Malo continuously types it out until she eventually reaches the app which Puro hadn’t noticed was on the homescreen, to his confusion. Didn’t the app operate under the messages app, which was a pre-existing app? Well, whatever. It points at that app.

 

“Ooh.. so you appeared because I downloaded that app? Is that what the description meant?”

 

Malo nodded vigorously.

 

“I see.” Puro says, immediately grabbing back the phone from the giant. Puro taps on the app, and, upon being greeted with a black screen that features the app logo (which is just a simplified version of Malo’s face) , followed by a different logo that was unfamiliar to Puro with the slogan “Secure, Contain, Protect” beneath it, and then immediately, there came a slight bit of text that popped up on the screen. It stated the following words.

 

“Hello! If you own this app on this cellular device, then that means you have desired to find a partner out of your own insecurity and loneliness.”

 

Puro’s ears slightly droop a little.

 

“It also means that Malo has arrived and desires to become friends with you!”

 

“..Friends..?” Uttered Puro. Malo looked down upon him with that same crooked smile.

 

“In this app, it allows perfect convenience to communicate with Malo, as your fluffy friend cannot communicate properly without the usage of physical cues, due to its inability to speak. Malo is very patient and very good! Please treat it with respect.”

 

Puro blinked, looking over to Malo. “Would you.. want to become friends with me?”

 

Malo looked down at Puro, nodding slightly. It finally moves its body a little to grab a crayon, and lays its hefty mass down onto the tiling to write down something onto the paper using the crude crayons. It chose the color green, if you were curious. Although it’s handwriting looked like chicken scratch, it was pretty decipherable, even for Puro.

 

“dOn’t BE sO hAsTy. We MuSt KnOw EaChOthER fIrst. WhO aRe yOu?”

 

Puro blinks once more, before realizing he didn’t even introduce himself. How rude of him!

 

“Oh! I’m sorry! I should’ve introduced myself earlier. I’m Puro. I’m a black latex creature. I learned how to talk like a human very recently. What are you supposed to be?”

 

Malo starts writing down its response on crayon, and flips the page over to Puro.

 

“I’M nOt FrOm HeRe. I Do NoT kNoW wHAt I aM. HuMaNs Do NoT kNOw WhAt I aM.”

 

“..Humans? You’ve met a human before?” Somehow, that caught Puro’s interest more than the ‘I’m not from here’ part. Although, given the apocalyptic state of the Earth, it isn’t completely unbelievable.

 

Malo nods eagerly. “MaNy. YoU mIgHt Be ThE fIrSt NoN-hUmAn.”

 

“Waaait. Seriously? Does that mean there are many humans here?”

 

“I DoN’T kNoW. I’Ve nEvEr BeEn HeRe.”

 

Puro tilts his head in confusion, but shrugs it off immediately, not wanting to question the origins of Malo in order to omit asking about his own origins. “Well, we have to tell Dr. K about this once he comes back! Do you.. have anything you like to do?”

 

Malo is left struck silent. Or rather, it wasn’t writing anything down in the current moment. It appeared to be deep in thought from such a simple question. Puro tilts his head once more. 

 

“Do you.. not have anything to do in your freetime?”

 

“I dO. It’S tHiS.” It says, scribbling down. “BuT nOt My OwN fReEtImE. UsUaLlY i JuSt dO wHaTeVeR tHe OtHeR pErSoN wAnTs.”

 

“Really? Do you ever.. do you ever get to do your own thing?”

 

“No”

 

Puro was now the one being struck silent, his white eyes widening a little. He’s now imagining it. A life, where all you do is controlled by the words of others? Stuck to do things that you may not want to do? It was astonishing to Puro. Not even Dr. K was that demanding of him. So, he immediately ran up to the beast and started grabbing at its hands, jumping up and down excitedly, his tail wagging akin to that of a helicopter, to the surprise of Malo, who let go of the crayons and paper. 

 

“Well then! We can learn what kind of things you like!” Puro says, quickly backing away to let Malo ‘speak’ again.

 

“I dO nOt KnOw WhAT I lIkE.”

 

“Hmmm.. was there anything you did with the humans that interested you? They’ve done a lot of interesting things in the past.”

 

Malo slightly side eyes to the wall a little. The air in the room suddenly shifts with Malo’s eyes, with a form of contempt hidden in them. Puro, oblivious as ever, wasn’t sure what it meant with this, so he pushed further and asked:

 

“..Haven't they?” 

 

Silently, Malo starts scribbling, the grip a little fierce.

 

“I dOn’t WaNt To tAlK aBoUt It.”

 

“Huh, really? Alright. Then.. maybe I can show you some of the things I do!”

 

Eagerly, Puro dashes over to the corner of the room, to which Malo’s gaze follows. Quickly, Puro pulls out a large crate of oranges, and kicks open the roof of the box to reveal a pile of oranges.

 

“Have you ever tried oranges before? They’re really good!” Puro says, grabbing an orange and softly chewing into one

 

“NeVeR.” Malo flips the page to the back since the front was running out of space.

 

“Alright well, here! Try one!” Puro says, before planting a different orange onto Malo’s palms, his paws giddy with excitement as he waits for Malo to try it. It inspects the orange a little, before slowly putting it through its maw, before a large crunch resounds through the room. Puro covers his eyes from the sudden explosion of orange that occurred upon the fierce tear created into the fruit. Malo was able to gulp it down, however.

 

“..So? How was it?” 

 

Malo thinks for a bit, before writing.

 

“It Is VeRy TaNgY. It iS nOt BaD.” Malo writes, slightly flickering its forked tongue out to drink any remaining orange across its maw. Puro looked very pleased upon hearing that, his tail excitedly flickering back and forth.

 

“Yay! Well, if you need more, they’ll be right there in that box.” Puro says, before going laying his legs down and lifting himself lower, crossing his legs together. He looks up to Malo and really gauges as to how tall this beast is. The beast grabs another orange and stuffs it into its jaw while it continuously looks down onto Puro.

 

“Hmm.. what else can we do?” Puro said, curiously asking as his feet and fingers consecutively tap to the floor in a beat. Malo looks down on him as it chews on another orange, and then starts writing down something.

 

“I DoNt kNoW. I DonT rEa

 

Puro holds Malo’s arms to stop it from drawing. “Shh! I was just thinking out loud to myself. I have an idea.” 

 

Puro says, before grabbing yet another crate of random things. This time, there appeared to be other material objects in it. Malo stared into the box of random trinkets.

 

“WhAt Is ThAt.”

 

“It’s my box of my stuff! I don’t really have a shelf to store it in so I just throw everything I’m given into the box.”

 

“oH. Is ThAt sO?” Malo says, patiently looking at the box. Puro reaches into the box and looks for something, before pulling out the first random thing he can get, which ends up being… a hairbrush!

 

“Have you ever done your fur?”

 

“I uSeD tO hAvE fUr.”

 

“Really? What happened to it?”

 

“sHaVeD. sUmMeR wAs CoMiNg sOoN. BuT i HaVeN’T tOuChEd My hAiR iN a WhIlE.”

 

“Then let me do it for you!”

 

Malo stares over to the distance, making a little ‘huff’ sound before coloring something down again.

 

“ArE yOu SuRe? iT's a lItTle MeSsY.”

 

“I’m an expert! I do my fur all the time! Hair’s probably not that much different.

 

Puro rushes over into a different room, then comes back in with a wooden stool, placing it right behind Malo while it sat there patiently. He propped himself up the stool, nearly tripping in the process. Malo could feel the slight soft hums of Puro before he pushed the brush into its hair. Softly, the individual bristles of the brush pass through the beautiful, black hair of the beast. Surprisingly, it passed through smoothly. A deep, low purr can be heard from Malo

 

“...! Your hair is really soft!”

 

“tHaNk YoU.” Malo pulls up the paper to show Puro since he’s behind him, to which puro delightfully laughs a little. It was at this moment that the comb suddenly gets stuck at a small clump in the hair.

 

“Oh? It’s stuck for some reason. Hold on..” 

 

Puro quickly TUGS on the comb, to which Malo makes a loud pained yap in reaction.

 

“AH! Are you alright??”

 

Malo slightly feels its hair from behind, before crayoning something down. 

 

“YeAh. JuSt PlEaSe Be MoRe CaReFuL.”

 

Puro quickly goes over to his box of things again and grabs a moisturizer of sorts. It appears to be marketed as a blueberry scented conditioner. He gently takes out the comb, causing Malo to hold its breath for a bit, and dips the hair with some form of conditioner. He goes over to the box and grabs a different comb; a fine tooth comb. It appeared to be much thinner than the first comb. Gently, he combed through the knot using the comb, to which Malo held its breath for just a little. After a little bit of combing, the knot quickly loosens and straightens out to be a part of the rest of the hair, before Puro applies a bit more conditioner, with Malo all the while discreetly purring. After a light wash and dry, Puro runs over to the box and pulls out the mirror. 

 

Malo inspects itself in the mirror and nods, a delightful groan coming from the voice deep in the gullet.

 

“It lOoKs VeRy NiCe :) I LoVe It.”

 

Puro brings out the biggest, most dumbest smile that one can imagine. Even bigger than the sun, most definitely. He’s never had anyone compliment his work, because he really had nobody to do it. All the other black latexes have practically shunned him, and the doctor is hardworking as ever. The only other person is the last human in the facility, but he’s still cryogenically frozen.

 

“Hehe! Well, let’s see what else we’ve got..” Puro says, before dashing back into the box to find something else in the box to do with Malo.

 

“pUrO?” It says, holding up the paper, waiting for Puro to stop searching the box as he pulls out a video game console of sorts. 

 

“..Yeah? What happened?”

 

“cAn We Go OuTsIdE?”

 

“Oh, no, we can’t do that.” He says, before pulling out a manual for the game console and then procedurally plugging it into the corner of the room. 

 

“WhY?”

 

Puro takes a little bit to respond since he doesn’t immediately notice the paper as he’s focused on the game set, but he takes a quick glance.

 

“Because then I'll die.”

 

Malo shakes the paper a little, to emphasize that it’s repeating the word “why”.

 

“Without a host of any kind, I can’t leave. I’d die without one.” His tone of voice didn’t really change from the eagerness he had earlier. All he was doing was simply stating a fact of his life, after all.

 

Malo looks away for a moment and thinks. A lot of thoughts are flowing through its brain right now, but one remains stagnant in its head. About how Puro has been stuck to this building for almost all of his life, unable to leave and view the outside world.

 

“Im sOrRy. I sHouLdN’T haVE aSkEd ThAt.”

 

“Don’t worry about it! I have a plan for myself. It’ll take a bit, though.”

 

Malo looks around and grabs another sheet of paper, since the remaining one was completely filled with scribbles of dialogue. 

 

“WhAt ArE yOu DoInG, AnYwAy?”

 

“Hm? I’m plugging in this console. I don’t usually play video games a lot since it’s boring with one person, but since you’re here, it can be really fun!” His tail wagged eagerly as he said that, albeit a little botched since it was pressed up against the couch facing the TV. His ears flickered with some sort of unfounded excitement.

 

“i’vE pLaYeD a FeW. WhIcH oNeS aRe TheRe?” Malo says, approaching closer with slightly heavy footsteps, and sitting down promptly next to Puro.

 

“Huh? Mmm.. uhh… there’s like.. three.. There’s scott pilgrim vs the world the game.. Super smash bros.. Aaand.. ”

 

Malo immediately pokes at the third game, then desperately scrambles for the piece of paper, accidentally breaking it in the process while trying to write on a non flat surface. On the writable surface of the paper that hadn’t been broken, it writes:

 

“IS THAT SPONGEBOB”

 

“Uh? Yeah? 

 

“wE NEed To Play IT!!!” Malo kept drawing exclamation marks.

 

“Alright! Sure thing! But you know who Spongebob is?”

 

“YES! I uSeD TO watCH HIM on a TelEVIsION! wHeN i WaS yOUngEr!”

 

Puro is now just imagining what a younger Malo would’ve looked like, and he starts giggling to himself a little.

 

“iT WAS FUNNY!!”

 

“I’ve never watched it. I’m more curious about humans, anyway. These books are a good way of learning about them.”

 

“GiVe ME a RaNdOm HumAn FaCt!”

 

“Sure! Let’s see..” Puro thinks for a little, before quickly coming up with one. “Did you know that someone invented chocolate chip cookies by accident? She changed the recipe a little, and the chocolate didn’t melt, so it ended up creating something completely new.”

 

“WhAtS a CoOkIe?”

 

“Oh! I’ve never tried them, personally, but I've read that they’re really tasty. I hope I can eat a cookie one day..”

 

Puro states with a bit of somber to his voice. Given the current circumstances of the apocalypse, that’s probably not gonna be happening for a while. Rebuilding the entirety of a society can take an especially long time, and that’s especially so if there aren't a lot of humans to do it with and a virus that kills humans running amok the surface.

 

“MaYbE oNe DaY i CaN tAkE yOu WiTh mE?”

 

“Huh? Take me where?”

 

“tO gO wIth mE! eXpLoRe AND StUfF!”’

 

“E.. explore? You mean like, going outside and stuff?”

 

“kInDa. It DePeNdS. bUt It cAn InvOlvE gOiNG oUt!”

 

“Oooh! Then I’d absolutely love to! For right now, let’s focus on the game though.”

 

Malo gives a thumbs up, its own tail wagging happily in unison with Puro’s.

 

And then, for a procedural amount of hours, they continuously played Nickelodeon All Star Brawl 2. They both absolutely sucked at the game, especially since the controllers were definitely made for humans and not for black latex creatures and wendigos look alikes, but that didn’t stop them from enjoying it. Malo would always keep picking Spongebob while Puro would pick a wide variety of characters, but after a while would ultimately end up sticking to both El Tigre and Donatello. 

 

After hours of gaming together, they were both tired. Puro gets up and turns off the gaming console. 

 

“Wow! That was really really fun!”   

 

“YEaH It wAs. I wAnNa Do iT aGain SoON!”

 

Puro giggles once more. “Well, I’m really tired right now. Do you wanna go to sleep?”

 

“nO.” wrote Malo. Puro slightly chuckles. 

 

“Fiiine. I guess there’s one thing I could do before I could go to sleep.”

 

Puro scrambles over to the pieces of paper and crayons again, before grabbing another selection of colors that Malo completely missed. Malo didn’t mind, but the sudden new variety surprised it. Quickly, Puro started scribbling something down onto the piece of paper.

 

Malo slightly approached, but Puro pushed it back a little. “No peeking! Promise me you won’t look.” Malo sighs, but slightly nods. After about five minutes, he finally finished whatever he was scribbling down onto the parchment. 


“I’m done!!” Puro says. “Here!” He proudly displays it in front of him, grabbing the sides with his paws and rotating it for Malo’s eyes. It was crudely drawn, but it displays a drawing of the both of them with the words “BFF!!” at the top left corner. Malo blankly stared down at the drawing. 

 

“So?? How is it? Did I do good?”

 

Malo remained staring down at the drawing. Its thoughts were blank, and its eyes were also blank. A slight sigh protrudes, and its fingers and ears twitch. Its breathing gets more erratic, which worries Puro a little. However, after looking over Malo once more, Puro realized what was wrong.

 

It was crying.

 

Half transparent tears came from the canine’s eyes, and slid down from the holes of the cold, hard skull. Its jaw remained an unchanging expression; Or, rather, it couldn’t change it. But if it could, Puro would see that very same smile that the skull is displaying: A big, toothy smile, covered by the wet tears now dropping down to the ground. Tears of absolute joy.

 

“Hey- Hey, why are you crying?”

 

Puro says, before giving the big wendigo a big old hug. Malo immediately gives the wolf its hug back, its thin fingers stretching across the tail end of Puro. Due to Puro’s height, his head was placed right onto the stomach of the beast, as a soft warmth spread across the both of them. Puro could feel the tears drop down onto his head.

 

“It’s alright, Malo. You’re okay. I’m here. Just calm down for me please.”

 

Malo’s grip got tighter, and as did Puro’s. Despite Puro’s words, he felt himself crying as well into Malo’s torso. He never had a hug this good in a long time. Actually, he never has. It felt warm and comfy, and he never, ever wanted to leave its touch. He felt his fur raise a little, a similar feeling to goosebumps coursing through one’s body. Both of their tails were softly wagging as they both cried.

 

After around ten more minutes of hugging, they both softly let go and smile at each other. 

 

“Thank you.” Wrote down Malo. The text seemed a little more clearer now. Obviously, nobody’s handwriting would get infinitely better after a crying session, that would be scientifically illogical. However, it was as if its hand wasn’t as shaky anymore, as if it finally had an opportunity to express its emotions to someone for the first time. 

 

“Do you want to go to sleep now? It’s getting really late.”

 

It was around 5 A.M., but Puro didn’t really have much of a way to track time. All he knew was the fine line difference between “Late” and “Not Late”. Malo nods. Puro urges Malo to follow him. Quietly, they both rush over into the vents, both of which they were able to fit through. They go into a separate enclosure of a room.

 

“This is my room! I hope you don’t mind how small it is.”

 

“Not at ALl. I likE it alot. Its coZy.”

 

Puro goofily smiles, before he rests his body onto the yellow pillow. Malo also slightly readjusts itself onto the pillow, comfortably making up the outer edge. They both snuggle up to each other, every little bit of Puro’s fur brushing against Malo’s skin, as they both slowly but surely drift to sleep.



…



…



…



…



…



…



…



“FREEZE!”

 

Malo and Puro both felt an immensely bright light flash at their faces. When they both open their eyes, which was immediate, they see an infantry of about two people. Guns were pointed at them.

 

“H-hey! What’s this about??” Puro bantered, rubbing his eyes, unable to see the barrel of the gun, only the blinding luminosity being produced from it, like the sun chose to wake them up early.

 

Malo’s eyes widened before immediately dashing in front of Puro to protect him.

 

“STOP MOVING OR I’LL- Wait.”

 

“Dude, it’s okay, stop overreacting, it’s just 1471.” One of the guards quickly radios in through a walkie talkie. “Come in. We found ‘em.”

 

The guard flickers on the lights, to the dismay of Malo and Puro’s eyes. “Oh. Sorry, big dude. I mistook you for, like, another one of those creatures I saw earlier. They were a handful to get through.”

 

Malo stares at them with a newfound confusion. Puro slightly poked out from behind to stare.

 

“..Is that your son?” One of the guards asked, before the other shoved. “No, you idiot, it’s clearly another one of those creatures.”

 

“Uuh.. Hey?”

 

“IT SPEAKS!!!” Shouted one of them, before pointing the gun again. The other soldier quickly stopped them. 

 

“Jesus christ, man. You two best be glad we weren’t the NTF. Sleep would’ve been the last thing you guys heard.”

 

Both of their eyes blink in unison, before sighing in a form of relief, their bodies losing the sudden tension that grew within them. Puro slightly points to them in curiousity.

 

 “Um.. are you guys.. human?”

 

“Huh? Yeah. Why do you ask?”

 

It was at this moment where the door slams open and Dr. K came through. As the unsuspecting doctor came through, guns immediately pointed towards his personage. He quickly raises his hands in shock, his eyes widened.

 

“...What– What the hell is the meaning of this?”

 

“Ah- this one talks too!”

 

“Yeah, of course I do.” The doctor said, clearly annoyed with their antics. “Who even are you people? Where did you all come from?”

 

They lower their guns upon realization that there isn’t really much of a threat here.

 

“We are the guards in charge of 1471. Coordinates from our terminal lead us to this building, where we found 1471 and its son.”

 

“Dude, for the last time, it’s definitely not his son. It’s another creature.”

 

Dr. K looks over to what they’re referring to, which would be both Malo and Puro standing completely still like a deer in headlights. Dr. K scratches his head.

 

“Coordinates, you say?”

 

“Yes. We don’t come from this planet. In order to arrive here, we needed some help from an associate.”

 

“..Mm.. Then I do believe it’s best we exchange information.”

 

Malo and Puro stare at each other in confusion, shrugging, unsure of what was happening in the moment. Were they safe? Were they in danger? They didn’t know what fate would bring them to. At least, not yet.

 

And that’s where we cut back to today.

 

After the intrusion of these new guests, which happened from Puro’s circumstantial downloading of a social chat app for lonely people, it ended up attracting an entire foundation of people. We spoke to each other about a lot of things, with the guards giving me details regarding the foundation, which they called the SCP foundation, and their purpose, as well as the new guest that had arrived, and I had explained to them the current circumstances that this earth is going through, as well as what was up with the black latexes, and the eventual formation of “Malo’s Son”, quote on quote.

 

Needless to say, after all that happened, the foundation decided to dedicate a bit of their effort to restoring my Earth, with the help and approval of the two guards that had located us. The only downside was that it required everyone entering to help become transfurred, as the pale virus was even beyond the foundation, but it seemed that there were a lot of willing volunteers for such an effort, which surprised me. Under the guise of a volunteer company, they were able to amass at least 10000 volunteers for the project. The effort took months, but there were eventually a lot of volunteers helping fix up the Earth here, which certainly put an enormous weight off my back. Needless to say, I don’t tend to smile a lot, especially with what had been happening, but this had to have been an exception.

 

The human, Colin, met up with me after he wasn’t cryogenically frozen anymore and I had given him a decision. We were already in the middle of the effort, but It was clearly up to him as to what he wanted to do. Before he was able to make that choice, I heard a knocking on my door.

 

“Excuse me for a moment Colin.” I said. He silently nods. I open the door, and I greet my eyes to both Puro and Malo standing behind the door. It appeared Puro also had one of those identification cards of sorts.

“Hi Dr!!!!” He said, with a newfound joy in his eyes. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him this joyous up close. 

 

“Hello, Puro. How are things going for you?”

 

You may have noticed that I have been treating Puro with a completely different attitude than earlier in the writing. I must emphasize to you that in order to maintain accuracy with my emotions that I was feeling at the time in the writing, I had written it as to how I felt towards Puro at the time, so that it doesn’t feel as ‘artificial’. However, the reason Puro makes me mad is no longer an applicant anymore; as in, he’s not a problem anymore.

 

As it turns out, thanks to a bit of testing, I was able to give him a bio bot as a host, and he would be able to walk around as freely as he likes, meaning he doesn’t require a human being as a host to leave the laboratory, thankfully. The only reason I was mad then was because of how much he hindered me from my goal, but right now, we appear to be on a hopeful path to bringing back society from the ground, even if it’s a little more.. furrier. 

 

After that whole experience, Malo apparently invited Puro over to do what it does as well, which involves visiting lonely people and helping them out. Apparently the application also worked as a secondhand way of locating unknown location coordinates that their society hasn’t discovered, one of which would happen to be this planet. 

 

Now, the “helping lonely people out” thing sounded really fishy to me and probably could lead to something extremely horrible, but they have an entire foundation behind their back, so I don’t really have much to worry about in that regard. 

 

I’ve been rambling too much. Let me get back onto the conversation.

 

“It’s been going great! Malo invited me over for some expeditions, and it’s pretty fun!”

 

“That’s nice. I’ve been discussing with Colin about his choices, since he’s been cryogenically frozen for a while now. He happened to wake up in the middle of the rebuilding effort.”

 

“Oh! Theennn.. Maybe he can join us?”

 

“You want Colin to join you two in your expeditions?” I slightly stare over to Colin, who appeared to be listening in on the conversation. He was still very clearly deep in thought since a lot of what had been happening recently just got suddenly pushed to him.

 

Malo nods, before scribbling down something on a tablet, which appeared to bear the foundation logo on its backside.

 

“It would be good to have someone who understands humans more than anyone.”

 

I go over back to Colin and sit down back behind the table. “Well, looks like another opportunity has opened up to you. Up to you if you wanna transfur yourself as well in the process. You’ll remember everything, but the process will take a little bit. I’ll give you some time to think, and feel free to come back to me when you’ve made a choice.”

 

He nods silently again. I added the extra option involving Puro and Malo onto a sheet which already had a printed list of options, and then slide it over to him, to which he looks over.

 

“Alright, it’s his choice from here on out.”

 

They both nod, smiling eagerly and their tails wagging like hell, before leaving. Needless to say, Colin both agreed to the transfur and decided to join their little expedition crew. It was a little silly, but I’m sure he’ll have more to do than be constricted within the cold walls of that laboratory. Speaking of which, that lab was converted to another SCP building of sorts. The many latex creatures in the building are now individually labeled SCPs, as a byproduct of SCP-9828.

 

Overall, I’m very relieved that I made that choice one day, and that it all led to this. I’m glad that my impulsive choice to give him a phone ended up leading to all of this somehow. And I’m so glad this isn’t a dream. Practically, this effort that many people have brought together is all I can ask for. Everyone that lived can now continue living peacefully after the effort, the other creatures are contained, and I finally have like minded people working with my stead.

 

Now, before I conclude this writing, I would like to show you the drawing that Puro had made and showed to Malo.





I grit my teeth, donning my respirator as I carefully navigated my way through the facility. I knew this place like the back of my hand, where the creatures like to camp out, where they roam, and most importantly, where the black latex wolf resided.

...Puro, he called himself, from what I could gather from the drawings he made. He spent most of his days in the library, reading books, eating oranges, and made an oh so cute little den for himself in the ventilation ducts, blocking the air flow to and from half the bloody facility. He's gained what can be considered an above-average human intelligence, let alone one for his species, and his existence threatened everything I worked to build for.

I held a steel baton, the weight familiar in my paws. Something sharp wouldn't do anything; a quick strike to the mask would kill him in an instant. Firearms weren't an option either; sure, I had those, but the noise would plunge the entire facility into chaos.

It was regrettable to have to say goodbye to someone as cute as him, especially since it gets quite lonely in here, but there was no other way.

I placed my feet carefully around the entrance to the library. While I was still a white-latex species like the puddles, they could still hurt me if they felt like it. Making sure that my lab coat was still clean, I gripped my baton as I quietly pushed the library door open.

The lights were on, so Puro hadn't gone to the ventilation ducts, but I couldn't see any sign of him. He wasn't in his usual reading spot, so where the hell was he? I crouched as I slowly walked forward, trying to catch sight of the wolf.

The dull sound of books falling to my right caught my attention, my head whipping around to catch the offender. Ah, it was the tail. Another threat to the safety of the facility. It wasn't smart like Puro, far from it, but it was fast, and most importantly, aggressive. So much so that it immediately began to charge at me on sight, closing the distance between us alarmingly fast.

I was prepared, however. Just before it could touch me, I struck it with my baton, pushing it to the side. Firmly bashing it with the hilt, I prepared to knock it out with the finishing blow, but it jumped at me! Dropping my weapon, I fell to the floor as the rubbery fluff engulfed me, smothering me with - it was trying to merge with me! Panicking, I flailed my limbs, trying to push it off. I succeeded, but it attacked again, ripping my lab coat in the process. My respirator was fogging up, fighting with everything I had. I had too much on the line to lose to a mindless slab of latex! I felt it press against my fur again, melding with it, then I felt a shock of intense pain, filling my vision with white.

 

My vision was cloudy as I slowly regained my senses. Gods, my back felt like it was on fire. Dying from a splitting headache, I sat up, rubbing behind my ears as I blinked in the lights. First things first, I did a status check. My respirator was beside me, so I put it on, my baton was missing, and my lab coat was in shreds. As I shifted my body weight, I realised that I was on a beanbag. There were a few oranges next to me, the skins speckled with dried black latex.

Did... did he leave those here?

Before I could dwell on it, I heard a vent open, and the black latex wolf himself emerged from the left room, carrying an armful of oranges. He noticed me, and we had an awkward staredown before he dropped the oranges and hid behind a tree. It didn't really hide him at all, his big, poofy tail peeking out from the side and his left ear slightly visible. He peeked from behind the tree, and the moment we made eye-contact again he hid back behind it again.

'Hey... uh, Puro?' I said, my voice hoarse from lack of use. My tongue stumbled around in my mouth like a wet slug, just placing emphasis on how long it had been before I spoke to someone.

'You... know my name?' He peeked from behind the tree again, his big, adorable eyes showing both curiosity and wariness.

I stood up, my legs still a little shaky. 'I... y-yeah,' I stammered, and after a brief stroke of genius, 'You're the only one like me, right?'

Being 'like me' really referred to an intelligent latex being. Of course, he wasn't like me; I was a human in my past life, Puro was, is and always will be a latex creature.

That got his attention, alright, and he stepped from behind the tree, both his paws held together nervously. He looked... adorable like this, keeping a safe distance from me but still so fascinated about my mere existence. Certainly an ego stroker if I ever needed one, but I came here for a reason.

'Do you have my baton?' He tilted his head to the side in confusion, one of his ears flopping over his head. 'The m-metal stick I had.'

'Oh!' He ran over to an innocuous pile of books, bending over as he rummaged through it. He picked up my baton, wiping a bit of white off it. 'I used it to hit the tail that was attacking you. Hope you don't mind.'

He... saved me? He held out the baton to me with a goofy smile, and I took it. Even though I had no reason to, for some reason I found myself muttering 'I... thanks. For saving me.'

Puro's smile only widened, his tail wagging behind me. With the baton back in my paws, I realised that I had a golden opportunity to strike him now. I raised the baton, preparing to strike-

'Come on, there's so much I want to show you!' he squealed excitedly, grabbing my outstretched wrist and pulling me to another part of the library. 'I've always wanted a friend to talk to, and now here you are! It gets so lonely in here, and my kin have almost disowned me now, but there's enough books in here to keep me happy, but you're now here! And now there's everything I... want...' he saw my shocked expression. 'Sorry, too fast?'

I watched his ear-to-ear grin fade into an anxious look as I tried to rack my brain for an answer. It was fast, yes, but if I said that, would he be hurt? How would be react if I said so? Should I just say no? Ack, for all the genetic-reshuffling compounds I could make, my brain couldn't think of one simple answer for one simple question! Instead of striking him with my baton, I found myself fiddling with it instead as I tried to say something, anything.

Puro was the first to break the silence, giving me a weak smile. 'It's alright, I'll slow down.' He sat down on the carpet and invited me to do the same. 'So, what do you want to talk about?'

 

I spent basically all my free time with Puro. Sure, I still had my duties, and I didn't let him get in the way of those (except for that one time when he invited me for dinner - he loved the fish I brought, and the other time when we lost track of time and ended up falling asleep next to each other, or the other time where...)

Okay, so perhaps I get a little distracted.

His head was resting on my lap, his tail swishing lazily as I absent-mindedly flipped through a book, my other paw gently rubbing the top of his head. The book was actually reasonably interesting, something about a guy that could teleport around, I think, but I wasn't really focused on it. I've pretty much stopped trying to kill Puro. Not that I couldn't, I probably had many opportunities to, but when I think about it, he was so sweet he wouldn't even hurt a fly.

Puro shifted, groaning slightly as he looked up at me with that big dumb grin of his, carefully putting a bookmark in my current page with practiced ease before playfully batting it out of my hands.

'Puro, I was reading that,' I lied, realising that my respirator had fogged up a bit.

'Why do you always wear that mask?'

'I-It's for protective reasons.' It was the official answer, and it felt like a second face to me, so much so that it felt... almost naked to not have it on.

'What are you protecting yourself from? Not worried this black latex enemy is going to...' He suddenly lunged at me, knocking me over on my back as he loomed over me. '...attack you!'

There was a brief moment of tense silence before Puro cackled, falling on top of me as he giggled loudly. It was contagious, and before long I was laughing along side him. He stopped, staring into my eyes as I stared into his.

'Y'know, I've only ever seen your face the first time I met you.' I flustered when I realised that he had. Oh my Gods, I haven't even considered that! Puro put his paw around my head, to where the straps connected. 'Do you mind if I...'

I was too... too something to stop him, and as he took it off, carefully placing it to the side, I had to adjust to the onslaught of new smells around me. Part of the respirator was to stop my sensitive nose from picking up too much, but having smelled the scent of my own breath for basically the entire day, every breath in brought the crisp, almost uncomfortable smell of fresh air.

Puro's smile only widened. 'Oh my Gods, you look so much cuter than I remembered!'

Wha-Cute?!

Puro cupped my cheek, bringing his face so close to mine that we were basically nose-to-nose. 'I'm so happy that I met you, you know that?' I was blushing so hard that I'm pretty sure it showed through my fur. I think Puro was panting a little, I was probably panting as well, my maw open slightly as Puro tilted his head, leaning forward and-!

He pressed his muzzle against mine, his lips soft and tender as he pressed slightly into me. I offered no resistance, eyes wide in shock. It felt like time froze, Puro's arms snaking around my neck and wrapping around my back. He pulled back all too soon, leaving me yearning for more as Puro's paws held mine.

'P-Puro?' I stammered, laying limp on the carpet as I just drunk in the moment.

'AAaahh, IloveyouIloveyouIloveyou!' he screamed, peppering my face and chest with kisses, leaving me stunned as I tried to decipher everything.

He... what?

He planted one last, long kiss on my lips before sitting up, his muzzle split in that dorky grin I grew to love, his fluffy tail a blur behind him as it wagged to and fro.

I didn't know what loving someone looked like. Hell, my only exposure to non-platonic/professional relationships were from cheesy romcoms that a coworker somehow convinced me to watch on a semi-regular basis. I always viewed it as a waste of time anyways, what with there being so much to do.

But now, with nothing to do but burn time, and with a loving companion on top of me?

'Puro, I-I...' I broke eye-contact, staring at a tree. 'I l-love you too.'

He was silent for a moment. Was that too little? It was a basic response, sure, bu-

He tumbled on top of me again, both of us rolling around on the carpet as he play-tackled me. He laughed, and I laughed with him. No words were exchanged, none were needed. It was like a heavy fog lifted in that very room. The tussle ended with me on top, my legs straddling his hips as I giggled, both paws on his chest as I quietly whispered 'I win.'

It felt like the first time I ever had to talk someone without thinking if I would offend, say something wrong or stupid or just have to think about it in general. Talking to Puro was... easy.

Puro chuckled, holding my forearms. 'You know, I've never seen you so relaxed before.' He gently pushed me off. 'Makes me wonder where you'd be if you were more confident,' he teased, pressing a finger on my chest, his claw curling the fur there.

'Wh-What do you mean-'

I found my back being thrown against the wall, suddenly being placed between the wall and Puro, a worrying smirk on his face. 'You don't think I noticed the way you look at me?' What? 'The way you always try to push me away when I give you a hug? You think I wouldn't have noticed...' I felt a jolt go up my spine as he placed a paw on my groin, as I was hit with the crippling realisation that I was already at half-mast! 'This?'

I fell silent, unsure of what to say as Puro plainly laid in front of me what I've been denying. His paw felt so... so right on my penis, the whole thing already slipping out as I was pressed against Puro. A heart-stopping moment passed, and I watched his face fall. 'Sorry, w-was I too fast? I-I spoke without thinking, I'm so sorry!' He pulled away from me. 'C-Can we forget this ever happe-'

Before I knew what I was doing, I grabbed Puro's wrist, tugging gently on it. I couldn't bear to look at him in the face, or even say anything, just keeping my head low as I hoped against all hope that Puro would understand.

'K, look at me.'

I looked up at Puro, his eyes betraying his nervousness. He leaned slightly closer to me, his breath shallow and heavy. 'Do you really want to do this?'

Singing further into the wall, I screwed my eyes shut and nodded.

 

'Khaa-aah...'

I pressed a paw against my mouth, blushing even harder (if that was possible) at the embarrassing noise I made. Puro's fur engulfed me on all sides, his paw pressing and rubbing both our dicks together as he slowly and rhythmically rolled his hips.

'K, you're so cute like this...' he gasped, his thumb playing with the tip of my dick, pressing a kiss against the paw covering my snout. 'I wanna h-hear every noise you make.'

It felt like I was melting under Puro, and a horribly erotic image of my latex body being briefly reduced to a puddle of steaming goo made me whimper. Nevertheless, I relented, moving the paw on my mouth to brace against Puro's shoulder, my tongue lolling out as I panted.

'Haihhh!'

I closed my eyes, unable to bear Puro's smug look as I heard his tail wag faster. Pressing forwards, he licked my chin before drawing me into a kiss, our tongues curling around each other as Puro eagerly lapped up every noise I made. I held Puro even closer to my chest, our fur tangling and in some places melding with each other.

Puro separated, both of us gasping for air as my hips weakly bucked against his, little sparks of pleasure jolting up down and spine. I felt another embarrassing noise hiccup out of my chest, the coil in and around my chest tightening.

'Pppahh, Puro, I'm gonnaahh...'

The squelchy noise of latex against latex filling my ears, our combined musks overwhelming my senses as smooth skin rubbed against smooth skin, it was too much. My grip on Puro tightened as I felt my grip on reality slip, Puro's loving gaze warm, and safe, and protective as he nipped at my neck.

'Go a-ahead,' he breathed out, nibbling at my neck. 'I'm close too.'

I felt myself get pushed past the point of no return, my dick being hugged so snugly between Puro and myself. His other paw groped my butt, and my vision turned white as I came. I heard a high-pitched scream, and it took a while to realise that that was me, all my stresses, anxieties and fears shooting out of me in long, viscous ropes of white goo. Puro bit down on my neck, the pain flowing into a white-hot pleasure through my veins. I felt Puro's dick twitch against me, my neck burning so good as he bit down in a different spot.

I felt Puro fall on me as I felt the last contractions fall to nothing more than the occasional twitch, Puro fell on me, both our bodies being supported by nothing else but the wall. I shakily hugged Puro, pressing a passionate yet chaste kiss on his muzzle.

'You make the cutest noises,' he mumbled, nuzzling my chest. My neck stung where he bit, but as I ran a paw over them, it felt... soothing almost.

Was it a mating instinct?

I slowly slid down the wall, my latex body having lost some of its definition and become more liquid. Both our bodies were a mess, our fur intertwined with both our semen, but I couldn't bring myself to care in the moment. Puro leaned against me, his muzzle split in a crooked grin as he embraced me.

'I love you, K.'

After a couple of hours of walking through the vents you realize that you've been going in circles and this whole thing has been a waste of time, you find puro’s little hideout and you decide to head in. By no surprise puro is there, but is surprised to see you. “Human, what a pleasant surprise to see you again.” “hey.” “care to sit with me? I found this interesting book, it's called.. Uhm.. yaoi? It seems interesting and has a weird cover.” You laugh a little, he's never seen that kind of book before and it might be funny to see his reaction, you sit next to him. He starts reading and his eyes open up a lot and he starts to blush reading it next to you. “H-human.. What is this?..” “I don't know puro, a very funny book, I must say, wait puro what's that?”
Puro stares at you, nothing to say, he’s just blushing and he looks down and goes even more red. You realize that puro has a boner from reading the book. You giggle a bit but puro is still embarrassed.
You get up to try and find a way out to continue your adventure but puro grabs your hand as you get up. He tried pulling you back to sit but he tugs too hard and you fall on his lap. “OH FUCK, IM SO SORRY HUMAN.” you turn to him but you can tell that he's not as sorry as you would think, he did this on purpose. You can tell puro has wanted this for a while. You feel his warm cock between your thighs, puro asks “is it okay if i-” “yes..” puro starts to thrust a little, it feels nice between your thighs. Puro reaches into your shorts and grabs your cock, he starts to jerk you off as he fucks your thighs. You get up and turn around, pushing puro down into the beanbag. You take your pants off and begin to ride him. Puro lets out a moan. It sounds so cute.. “Fuck.. human you feel so g-good..” after a while you feel that puro puts his hands onto your thighs and grabs them tightly. “Take a break. Let me take over, I can tell you're tired human.” “o-okay..” puro gets up and pins you down against the beanbag. He starts thrusting into your ass. You moan a lot, puro leans down to you and kisses you. It was the final straw. You cum and puro notices you came.” “yeah..” “this doesn't mean we stop, i haven't came yet” Puro thrusts deeper and harder. You yell out “HARDER~” puro goes faster and he finally cums inside you. He leans towards you, stares at you with love in his eyes. He hugs you and kisses you again.
You ask him “can we go for round two?~” “yes, anything for you human.” Puro makes you stand up just to bend you over onto the beanbag, he puts his cock in between your ass cheeks and starts thrusting back and forth slowly, puro says to you, “human.. I love you.” “I love you too pur-“ before you finish your sentence puro shoves his cock right back into your ass, you let out a loud moan and puro grabs your thighs and starts fucking you while standing up and you bent over. On your knees and being fucked you really start to think about what else you could have him do. Puro nuts inside of you again but that doesn’t stop him, he picks you up and pins you against the wall and shoves his dick right back in you, you wrap your legs around him and hold your arms around him, you kiss him and he pulls out soon after to grab his and your dick. He wraps his hand around both of your dicks and starts jerking both of you off, you both finally bust. Cum on your chest, ass sore, you still want more. You beg for puro for one more round, he accepts.
He lays you softly down on the beanbag, he towers above you, arms next to your neck, he positions himself comfortablely and starts the last round, you can tell this night has been one to remember, after a bit of puro thrusting into you, you cum. Puro says “I’m gonna cum soon, human” you tell puro to pull out and he does “sit down on the bean bag puro” he sits down and you get in your knees and start sucking him off, he holds your head to keep you still, swirling your tongue around you can tell puro is enjoying this, and so are you. The nice flavor of his cock makes you want to keep going, puro grabs your head and thrusts it down, his cock going down your throat makes him cum inside your mouth, it tastes amazing, you pull out and lick off the cum of his cock and you ask him,”wanna cuddle?..”

